\\ TODO
\\ according to: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwajd8g_xdJsc3UzMVFBcTFkSVE
\\
\\ Eminem
\\ Snoop Dogg
\\ 50 Cent 
\\ Jay-Z
\\ Ice Cube
\\ Tupac
\\ Xzibit
\\ Wiz Khalifa
\\ The Game
\\ Dizzee Rascal

###Eminem
###Rap God


Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You were just what the doctor ordered
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinski feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity-rap
Packing a mack in the back of the Ac
backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
and at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a Maxi-Pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the earth like an asteroid
and did nothing but shoot for the moon since (PPEEYOOM)
MC's get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bus the rhyme'
Now I lead a New School full of students
Me? Me, I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N-W-A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and being in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering
And take place looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Git out my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
of keeping up with the same pace looking boy, 'cause
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from the Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabulous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he play piano
Man, oh man, that was the 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricochet in off a me and it'll glue to you
And I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice,
your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-and-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boys
"Still chunky, but funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?

###Eminem
###Lose Yourself

Look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?
Yo
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs,
But he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down,
The whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking how, everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow!
Snap back to reality. Oh, there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that
Easy, no
He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke
He's so sad that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo
This whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)
The soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to postmortem
It only grows harder, homie grows hotter
He blows. It's all over. These hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum da da da da
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)
No more games, I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepped right into the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Trying to feed and water my seed, plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a primadonna
Baby, mama drama's screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's gotten me
To the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go it's my shot.
Feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)
You can do anything you set your mind to, man

###Eminem
###Not Afraid

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)
Yeah, it's been a ride
I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one
Now some of you, might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I'll get you there
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'ma do something I do it,
I don't give a damn what you think,
I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)
Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth, for that
Fuck your fillings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
Let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD was ehhh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow
Cause I ain't playing around
It's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)
And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'ma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now! (now)
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I been through the ringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up
Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
I feel amazing and I'm...
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

###Eminem
###Without Me

two trailer park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
two trailer park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back
guess who's back
Guess who's back...
I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a
shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back,
I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that,
cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits Fuck
YOU DEBBIE!
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling like prisoners, helpless,
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, polluting the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back
fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing "Attention Please" feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without meNow this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old let go it's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly
and use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
there's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
but no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without meNow this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me

###Eminem
###When I´m gone

Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't goin' write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying"
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe Daddy, take it witcha"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me, Help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
"You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
"And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
"That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin"
"I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going"
But baby wait, "it's too late Dad, you made your choice
"Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us"
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep... screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was
Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

###Eminem
###The Real Slim Shady

May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here.
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it [*ERR*] I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
[*HACH*] Or in the parking lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up

###Eminem
###Mockingbird
Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.
Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright
(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)

###Eminem
###No Love

Love.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me
No more.
Young Money...
No more.
Love.
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "fuck the world", get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing about her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling Sweets, I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles, uh.
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay them down, make them beg
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down: I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes, uh.
Be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's "fuck what they say"
I'm high as a bitch: up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
OK, you want me up in a cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucker, blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peep-hole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right bitch (don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't want to see you (no more)
Ha, bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (yeah, yeah)
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right (you don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't want to see you,
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love)
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Get em
I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life
I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em
They call me a freak 'cause
I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah that rap was tight
But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
Til my hip don't hop anymore (shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
'Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit)
People just get sick cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy, mark my words
Ain't letting up, relentless
I smell blood, I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right bitch (don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't want to see you (no more)
Ha, bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (around)
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right (you don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't want to see you,
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love)
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Bitch, you get (no love)

###Eminem
###Space Bound

We touch I feel a rush
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous
You must be a sorceress 'cause you just
Did the impossible
Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt I'ma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you
And love is "evol"
Spell it backwards I'll show you
Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova... and I'm a
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you
I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you
So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts
Never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap
Lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleading
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat
I sit on top of you squeezing
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house
And let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this
And I would have did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now
It's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a...
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you
Without you

###Eminem
###Cleanin Out My Closet

Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones - there you go
Yeah... yo, yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Munchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song - keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead - dead to you as can be!
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

###Snoop Dogg
###Snoop D.O. Double G

Yeah! You know how we do
A lil' something for the non-believers
For the underachievers
Ya'll know what time it is
Big Snoop Dogg up in this motherfucka one time
I want ya'll to sing this shit wit me
It go like this, check it out.
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump
Everybody put your hands to the motherfucking center
Baby girl go on an' pull ya weave back, D-O-G, oh yeah, he back
And I'm steppin' out the all-blue Lee-zac
Word on the streets, yeah nigga, I got the feedback
I don't trip off, I get the tip off
Befo' it rip off, yeah homie, I'm the Biz-oss
I got them finger-lickin' chickens wit the siz-auce
And one of my hoes known to cut ya dick off
Leave ya stuck in the land of the liz-ost
I'm back at the mayn-sion, cold as the friz-ost
Sittin' on ten acres, dawg, wit a kiz-ost
A whole lot to you, but a lil' nothing to me
That's what you get, for fuckin' wit me
Ain't that right, Sha Money from the D-P-C
G-Unit!
You know I'm down with them boys
I clown wit them boys
Don't fuck around wit them boys, 'cause they down with the
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump
STOP! Wait! Now let me give it to ya
This is the proper hip-hopper, it get into ya
I know you liking it, loving it, or you feelin' it
D.O. Double Gizzel, oh yeah, Cuh/Cuzz be killin' it
Who the only nigga that you can call on?
When ya favorite rapper fall off, the Big Dogg, fall on
10, 11, 12, or was it 13?
How many years a nigga been in the game, and I'm still so clean
I'm flippin' up the game and shit
I maintain my thang wit this
And I, never hesitate to bang a bitch
I'm having millions, and I'm still banging Crip
Um, um, wouldn't you believe it?
Even after achievin', got a deal wit the heathens
But, as long as I'm breathing
I'ma keep walking like Jesus
My name is
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump
"Whatchu gone next, how you gone say it
When yo album come out dawg, I can't wait to play it
Tell the truth, my nigga, I love all ya work"
Well, from me to you low, welcome to the Church
Mi casa, su casa
So, get ya drank on and smoke on nigga, go on an' boss up
You can holla at baby, it's ok to me
Then I love it when them motherfuckers say to me
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump
Yeah! Sha Money, representin' G-Unit, good lookin' my nigga
As usual, it's a DPG-Unit connection
You know how we do it
A lil' something for the non-believers
For the underachievers
Snoop D.O. Double G

###Snoop Dogg
###Doggy Dogg World

We'd like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West
I own this motherfucker and my name is Taa-Dow
Y'all niggaz know who I am y'all niggaz tearin up shit
But we got somethin old, and somethin new for y'all tongiht
Put your hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics
It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go
I'm hearin motherfuckers tryin to steal my flow
But it ain't no thang cause see my nigga Coolio
Put me up on the game when I step through the do'
Ya know, some of these niggaz is so deceptive
Usin my styles like a contraceptive
I hope ya get burnt, it seems ya havn't learnt
It's the nick nack patty wack, I still got the bigger sack
So put your gun away, run away, cuz i'm back (why?)
Hit em up, get em up, spit em up, now
Tell me what's goin on
It make me wanna holler, cuz my dollars come in ozones
Lone for the break-up, so take off your clothes
and quit tryin to spit at my motherfuckin hoes
Seakin of hoes, I'll get to the point
You think you got the bomb cuz I rolled you a joint
You'se a flea and i'm the big Dogg
I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfuckin paws
Y'alls, niggaz, better recognize
And see where I'm comin from it's still East Side till I die
Why ask why? As the world keeps spinning to the D-O-Double-G-Y
It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World
It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World
The Dogg's World
Well if you give me ten bitches then I'll fuck all ten 
See my homey Snoop Doggy sippin juice and gin
Don't slip, I'm fo' to set trip, to get papers
Styles vary, packin flavor like Life Savors
Ain't that somethin, talk shit and I'm dumpin
I had your whole fuckin block bumpin
Don't sweat, but check the tecnique, I'm unique like China
Ya never find the bomb-a-rama then this Nigga behind ya
So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm coming through
One-two, three, you can't see me
I'm a G like that strapped with hit hard tactics
A fuckin menace, usin hoes like tennis rackets
It's on again, it's on and poppin
All I see is green, so there ain't no stoppin
I wanna see some panties droppin
I'm comin from L.A., she used to chill with Dre up in Compton
(All I ever did was just use that hoe
Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)
I'm dishin out blues, I'm upsetting like bad news
Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes
Kurupt, the name's often marked for catchin slugs
and I smoke weed for the fuck of it
Ruff and rugged shit, it's unexplanitory how I gets wicked
but it's manditory that I kick it
Check it, I'm runnin hoes in 94, now must I prove it
Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be stickin and movin
Prepare for a war, it's on, I'm head huntin
Hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn
Peep, the massicre from a verbal assassin
Murderin with rhymes packin Tec-9's for some action
You really don't know, do you, you fuckin wit a hog
You can't do me, I'm goin out looney like O-Dog
It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World
It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World
The Dogg's World
Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (all night long)
Tell when (till the early morn)
It don't stop (and uh) it don't quit (for the)
The Dogg Pound clique (to drop the cavvy Dogg shit)
Diggity Daz out of the motherfuckin cut once mo'
So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow
I flip flop and serve hoes with a fat dick
Till I die I'm still screamin that (bitches ain't shit)
Now i'm the mack daddy, had he, not known about 
the city where I'm from, dum diddy dum
As you groove to the gangster shit
The D-O-Double-G the P-O-U-N-D, the gangsta clique
Now as the Pound break it down with the gangsta funk
I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want
So I blaze up the chronic, so I can get high
I promise I'll smoke chronic till the day that I die
It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World
It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World
The Dogg's World

###Snoop Dogg
###Gin And Juice

Heah hah hah! 
I'm serious nigga one of y'all niggaz got this ass motherfuckin up
Aiy baby, aiy baby... aiy baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker
Steady long, steady long nigga
With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard bein Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's (yeah)
and, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin and the party's still jumpin
cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
and, they ain't leavin til six in the mornin (six in the mornin)
So what you wanna do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Now, that, I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
and get to mackin to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
beeeitch, I'm just
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin, I'm still poppin
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raisin up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the do'
And I'll be
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)

###Snoop Dogg
###Snoop's Upside Your Head

I think it's bout' time that we hit these n***as upside
the head with some of that west coast
gangsta' sh......... Ooh.....Wee!!!!!!!!!!
It's a whole 'nother day
I'm back up in ya'
Snoop D-O-Double G
I representa'
Been away for a while but you all know
I'm still doggystylin' on Death Row
Got shit locked down
Sewed up
So If you plan on comin' out nigga hold up.
This a stick up
dick up
They got yo' shit on the shelf, oh mine is too
and guess who they gon' pick up?
Some niggas think they know they shit
But they don't
Some M-A's escape 
Some won't
Bumpin' heads with niggas
Where you from?
East Side Long Beach, nigga, 2-1
The homie just got paroled
And he got more stories than the highway patrol
Tellin' me about the money Suge Knight stole
But I'll make that shit late
Cause nigga I get swole
Niggas tryin' to get in, to get out.
Put me up on game tellin' me who gon' jack me
But ever since 
I was a puppy
till I was paroled
I never had no other dog pullin' on my chrome.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Niggas in the game be doin' way too much
Akin' tough with this east-west coast stuff.
See Me
I'm all about my money mane
I stay fly and dry
I don't get caught up in the rain
Cuz game recognize game
No matter where you from
We all can get dumb, insane and
turn the party out
without a doubt
Unless 
you them niggas who ain't got no clout
LBC and B what?
Uh, my crew
Cuz uh, we out there smokin' on the krazy glue
Upside yo' head like oops
Snoop's 
The shit, that you hear them bumpin' in the hoops.
Can't afford it
homeboy
This is finished
I represented
From V-A to Venice
So when it's timid
And cold outside
Rely on the Doggy Dogg
To put the heat in yo' life
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
It takes a whole lot
to be number one
I can't walk down the street
without my gun
I can't trust these niggas fool
It ain't no fun
I'm sittin' up in court
Cuz somebody got dumped
What really counts is how the crowd bounce
Go home and say
Snoop rocked the parte`
Nobody got kilt
It's what got annouced
I guess they got a chance to see Dr. Bombay
But I keep my heat in case niggas get cold
Warm you up with the sheet
Zip you up and roll
Now Doggystyle records is now official
Gettin' money at the Pliz-ate with my initials
Shippin' weapons overseas
I'm makin' G's
What who you make call enemies
But I
See nothing funny about
makin' money
Cuz uh
We all know it don't grow on trees
So I
Gotta' get what I gotta' get when I can
Up homie in the mo'ning wit' the gat van
Burning rubber down to get a new car
So don't get jealous when you see me in the
double R.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 
say Snoop's upside yo' head.

###Snoop Dogg
###Feel About Snoop

You brainwashed not to know you grew up wanting to be a pimp, you wanted to be a player (Right) You know, you grew up wanting to be these different things that are role models to you in your neighborhood, until you figure out that...hold on...I'm finna be the first role model that ain't that (Right)
Well I had a chance to listen to the album, 
it's very chill, it definitely makes you wanna smoke some weed
(Oh it do?)
Yeah, and I don't even really smoke
(You wanna hit some right now?)
I don't know if we're allowed to do that in here
(We need curtains, we need curtains in here)
No, Snoop can do what he wanna do
(I don't think so...)
Don't ask for permission, ask for forgiveness
And there ain't no doubt about it
Regarded as the freshest, by the way that I live
All the songs that I did, and givin' back to the kids
I mean I done been everywhere that you wanna go
And poppin' on a stick like a pogo
My logo, is similar to the bat sign
Way up in the sky, When you wanna get high
Now look up, Now look up, I shook up the game
With the versatility, verbability, toungetwistagility
Hell yeah, they love the dog
Grandmomma's worldwide wanna hug the dog
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
Look I'm back at it, melodramatic
A little more dope for you Snoop Dogg addicts
Addicted to the things I do, magic
Go go go but no gadget, I'm magic
If I wasn't invented
Then you probably wouldn't even know how to represent it
I'm in it like I spread it, if I said it, All gas unleaded
For really though, I get that real hood love everywhere I go
From mommas, babies, grannies
You gotta love him even if you can't stand him
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop
The way I feel about Snoop

###Snoop Dogg
###Snoop Bounce

Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Shucks, stompin in my big blue chucks
More bounce to the ounce while I'm ditchin you clutz
Bump-bump-bump-bump while you're bumpin your sounds
It's the zoo and the Pound we don't fuck around
Relax your mind and let your conscience be free
and get down, stompin grounds is the LBC
I slid up out the game and MC's get wacked
but now I'm back (Oh shit!), so go get your strap
Watch your head, I break wit
wit G's, Muslims, hardheads and dreds
Bounce, rock while rollerskatin
on them 20 inch tyres wit the platinum Daytons
I'm not that BG poppin all that junk
about "I'll fuck you up", he sound like a punk
I been there and done that, no inspiration
All day illustration beat conversation
Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
I keep niggas in the studio, word is bond
Been workin on ya new album for two years strong
and still can't come up with the right song
You know what they say:'Study long, study long'
All aboard the train so come along
cos we keep the glue stuff against the bone
It's alright ain't no room for wrong
Doggyland is the motherland, make yourself at home
I got money loads by the barrels
I even got a few fans that's crazy like DeNiro
I'm international money maker, player hater
shhok up off the sake of spendin dollars and I always holler
at a player though cos players know the real from the fake
You can put that on your toast, your coast and your state
I give you people what you like
What I look like in jail and can't get on the mic
Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Killin up crews, give em the real street blues
Have em slidin in their eelskins, groovin in their tennis shoes
Of course it don't stop bein a Westside ridah
Wit no tattoo that's how they got the clue
I lay conversation on wax and CD's
BG's and o-riginals, here come the mission
Makin biters ride the Pound for the rest of the season
Doggy DPG ya lil homey, uhh
I represent the LBC-ment
Windows tint, nigga that's the president
I hit you with a tune every blue moon
Collard on your plate so you can stuff it in your face
Nigga say your Grace before you touch your plate
It taste like it's laced but it ain't
This one puff uncut, no doubt
Everybody know I gotta ounce and a half
Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww
Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce
Shucks
(Oooh ooh ooohhh oooohhhh ooh, oooh oooh oooohhhh ooh)
(Death Rowwww, Death Rowwww)
Shucks
(Oooh ooh ooohhh oooohhhh ooh, oooh oooh oooohhhh ooh)
(Death Rowwww, Death Rowwww)

###Snoop Dogg
###Still D.R.E.

Still Snoop Dogg and D-R-E (Guess who's back)
Still, still doing that shit, huh Dre?
Oh for sure, check me out
It's still Dre Day nigga, A.K. nigga
Before I chrome the lot, can't keep it home a lot
'cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the trunk when I'm on the block
Ladies, they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How nigga My last album was "The Chronic"
They want to know if he still got it
They say rap's changed, they want to know how I feel about it
If you ain't up on pace
Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game
Still, puffing my leafs, still fuck with the beats
Still not loving police (Uh huh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease
Still got love for the streets, repping 213
Still the beat bangs, still doing my thang
Since I left, ain't too much changed, still
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E
Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dipping again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed, I smoke till I sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire till you're soaking in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the troop
It's "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin' Cru
I'm still at it, After-mathematics
In the home of drive-by's and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through then I get skin, D-R-E
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E
It ain't nothing but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're cooling on a corner with your fly bitch
Laid back in the shack, play this track
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
(Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back
So if you ain't up on thangs
Dr. Dre be the name still running the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard
Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars
Still gonna get mine regardless
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
Right back up in ya motherfucking ass
'95 plus four pennies
Add that shit up, D-R-E right back on top of thangs
Smoke some with your dog
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky icky icky
Ooo Wee, put it in the air
For you's a fool D.R.

###Snoop Dogg
###Lodi Dodi

Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this
La Di Da Di, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're, just some niggaz who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic we rock the mic (right)
For all my Doggs keepin y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
Cuz it's cool when ya cause a cozy conditionin
Which we create, cuz that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this types of shit happens every-day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the mornin
I gave myself a strech up, a mornin yawn and
went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
and said um "Mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top Dogg of them all?"
There was a rubble dubble, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are you conceited bastard"
Well that's true, that's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay, cuz my skin gets pale
And then I got the file, for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new Doggy underwear
for all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks
Threw on my white sox, with my all blue chucks
Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no
I went back in, I forgot my indo
Then I dilly (dally) I ran through an (alley)
I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)
This was a girl playin hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" cuz she looked upset
She said um
It's all because of you, i'm feelin said and blue
You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so, how much you'll never know
Cause you took your dope away from me
A-huh, a-huh, ahuh
Damn, now what was I to do
She's cryin over me and she was feelin blue
I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye
And here comes your mother with those two little guys"
Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!!"
Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet
Slammed the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
Somethin was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"
I tried to break up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"
She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"
She grabbed my closely by my socks
So I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks
But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick
They started cryin on my shoes and grabbin my dick
and sayin....
Why don't you give me a play
So we can brake it down the Long Beach way
And if you give me that okay
I'll give you all my love today
Doggy, Doggy, Doggy, can't you see
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay
And on and on and on she kept goin
The bitch been around before my mother's born!
I said, "Cheer up!" so I gave her a hit
I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"
She said, "No you're not," then she starts cryin
I says I'm nineteen, she says, "Stop lyin!"
I says, "I am, go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"
Yeah, uhh, tic toc you don't stop
And to the, ah tic toc and you don't quit
Yeah, tic toc and ya don't stop, and to the
ah tic toc and ya don't quit, beeeotch!

###Snoop Dogg
###Drop It Like It's Hot

Snooooooooooop..
Snooooooooooop..

[Chorus - Snoop Dogg]
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at ya
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed cause I got it going on
Uh! I'm a nice dude, with some nice dreams
See these ice cubes, see these Ice Creams?
Eligible bachelor, million dollar boat
That's whiter than what's spilling down your throat
The Phantom, exterior like fish eggs
The interior like suicide wrist red
I can excercise you, this can be your Phys. Ed
Cheat on your man ma, that's how you get ahizzead
Killer wit the beat, I know killers in the street
Wit the steel that'll make you feel like Chinchilla in the heat
So don't try to run up on my ear talking all that raspy shit
Trying to ask me shit
When my niggaz fill ya vest they ain't gon pass me shit
You should think about it, take a second
Matter fact, you should take four B
And think before you fuck wit lil skateboard P
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at ya
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed cause I got it going on
I'm a gangsta, but y'all knew that
Da Big Bo$$ Dogg, yeah I had to do that
I keep a blue flag hanging out my backside
But only on the left side, yeah that's the Crip side
Ain't no other way to play the game the way I play
I cut so much you thought I was a DJ
[scratches] "two!" - "one!" - "yep, three!"
S-N double O-P, D-O double G
I can't fake it, just break it, and when I take it
See I specialize in making all the girls get naked
So bring your friends, all of y'all come inside
We got a world premiere right here, now get live!
So don't change the dizzle, turn it up a little
I got a living room full of fine dime brizzles
Waiting on the Pizzle, the Dizzle and the Shizzle
G's to the bizzack, now ladies here we gizzo
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at ya
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed cause I got it going on
I'm a Bad Boy, wit a lotta ho's
Drive my own cars, and wear my own clothes
I hang out tough, I'm a real Bo$$
Big Snoop Dogg, yeah he's so sharp
On the TV screen and in the magazines
If you play me close, you're on a red beam
Oh you got a gun so you wanna pop back?
AK47 now nigga, stop that!
Cement shoes, now I'm on the move
Your family's crying, now you on the news
They can't find you, and now they miss you
Must I remind you I'm only here to twist you
Pistol whip you, dip you then flip you
Then dance to this motherfucking music we crip to
Subscribe nigga, get yo issue
Baby come close, let me see how you get loose!
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at ya
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed cause I got it going on
Snooooooooooop.
Snooooooooooop.

###Snoop Dogg
###Snoop Dogg

S-N-double-O-P D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
S-N-double-O-P D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
Me and my partner, in my impala
Poppin' on collars, tossing up dollars
A truck on the side of us but who wanna follow
Bet a hundred dollars that they all wanna swallow
Doggy Doggfather
I do it to you real hard then it gets hot, it's nada
Thang on mine, bang on mine
I smoke an ounce and bounce at the same time
It's off the limbo with Timbo, you motherfucking bimbo
So quit knocking at my window, you nympho
Maniac, bring it back, now shake it up
Put it on the table, now break it up
Give it to me, now put a lighter on the end of it
It really don't matter what you spent on it
As long as you're gettin what you paid for
That's what it's made for, ain't that what you stayed for?
Who's that dippin' in the Cadillac?
Snoop Dogg
Smoke till your eyes get cataracts
Snoop Dogg
Who got a girl laying on her back
Snoop Dogg
Millionaire, making that paper stack
Snoop Dogg
You play me and I'll play you
You pay me and I'll pay you
Hold on boo, you got the game all wrong
This ain't your thang, this my song
Move on, we in the club, at the Shark Bar
Valet my keys, and park my car
No snap shots, cause I might get popped
As I slide by security, giving 'em props
First thing I do, when I get in
Let me take you back to when I first slid in
Grab my gin and, get my woman, put my bib in, no bullshittin
We be sippin, in the corner
With smoke comin' from up under us like we sittin in the sauna
Burnin' up the charts, break a bitch off hard
Little mama don't you start
Who's that dippin' in the Cadillac?
Snoop Dogg
Smoke till your eyes get cataracts
Snoop Dogg
Who got a girl laying on her back
Snoop Dogg
Millionaire, making that paper stack
Snoop Dogg
S-N-double-O-P D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
S-N-double-O-P D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
Tick tock, the ice on my watch
Slap me 'cross the face around 2 o'clock
But the party don't stop till we blow up
Now every little nigga wanna show up
Manuev'in to this, grooving to this
Dippin to this, flippin to this, trippin to this
Ain't no skippin to this, trust this
Bust this, it's too hot to touch this
He say, she say, I say no way
Don't need foreplay, OK, obey
Everything that I say
And every day'll be like a holiday
I put you in the front seat of my car
And roll you round town like a superstar
Recline your seat and turn up the beat
Number one with a bullet, rolling down the motherfucking backstreets
Who's that dippin' in the Cadillac?
Snoop Dogg
Smoke till your eyes get cataracts
Snoop Dogg
Who got a girl laying on her back
Snoop Dogg
Millionaire, making that paper stack
Snoop Dogg
Who's that dippin' in the Cadillac?
Snoop Dogg
Smoke till your eyes get cataracts
Snoop Dogg
Who got a girl laying on her back
Snoop Dogg
Millionaire, making that paper stack
Snoop Dogg

###50 Cent
###Candy Shop

Yeah...
Uh huh
So seductive
I'll take you to the candy shop
I'll let you lick the lollipop
Go 'head girl, don't you stop
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
I'll take you to the candy shop
Boy one taste of what I got
I'll have you spending all you got
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
You can have it your way, how do you want it
You gon' back that thing up or should i push up on it
Temperature rising, okay lets go to the next level
Dance floor jam packed, hot as a teakettle
I'll break it down for you now, baby it's simple
If you be a nympho, I'll be a nympho
In the hotel or in the back of the rental
On the beach or in the park, it's whatever you into
Got the magic stick, I'm the love doctor
Have your friends teasing you 'bout how sprung I gotcha
Wanna show me how you work it baby, no problem
Get on top then get to bouncing round like a low rider
I'm a seasons vet when it come to this shit
After you work up a sweat you can play with the stick
I'm trying to explain baby the best way I can
I melt in your mouth girl, not in your hands (ha ha)
I'll take you to the candy shop
I'll let you lick the lollipop
Go 'head girl, don't you stop
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
I'll take you to the candy shop
Boy one taste of what I got
I'll have you spending all you got
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
[Bridge: 50 Cent & Olivia]
Girl what we do (what we do)
And where we do (and where we do)
The things we do (things we do)
Are just between me and you (oh yeah)
Give it to me baby, nice and slow
Climb on top, ride like you in the rodeo
You ain't never heard a sound like this before
Cause I ain't never put it down like this before
Soon as I come through the door she get to pulling on my zipper
It's like it's a race who can get undressed quicker
Isn't it ironic how erotic it is to watch em in thongs
Had me thinking 'bout that ass after I'm gone
I touch the right spot at the right time
Lights on or lights off, she like it from behind
So seductive, you should see the way she wind
Her hips in slow-mo on the floor when we grind
As Long as she ain't stopping, homie I ain't stopping
Dripping wet with sweat man its on and popping
All my champagne campaign, bottle after bottle its on
And we gon' sip 'til every bubble in every bottle is gone
I'll take you to the candy shop
I'll let you lick the lollipop
Go 'head girl, don't you stop
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
I'll take you to the candy shop
Boy one taste of what I got
I'll have you spending all you got
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
I'll take you to the candy shop
I'll let you lick the lollipop
Go 'head girl, don't you stop
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)
I'll take you to the candy shop
Boy one taste of what I got
I'll have you spending all you got
Keep going 'til you hit the spot (woah)

###50 Cent
###This is 50

This is 50
I don't know what you take me for
I really don't play that shit
I ain't got to get you hit
I get out myself and spray that shit
I got a itchy itchy trigger finger, nigga its a killa in me not to spray that shit
I got enough ammo shots to blow I up a hole in every mothafucka out this bitch
I unload then reload, when you get hit I supposed you gon' be strong enough to take this shit
I'm in the hood ridin' round with a chrome fo' pound, can you see thru the windows see tints
I do dirt, the gat bussa, get to kickin' up dust, 'fore the jakes come around here kid
niggas get knocked if they start askin' question, my name end up in all types of shit
I be a gangsta, a nigga till I die fo' sho', whether I'm poor or I'm filthy rich
Now what you know about movin' that Pervuian and flake for that cake, I get rid of them bricks
I don't know what you take me for
I really don't play that shit
I ain't got to get you hit
I get out myself and spray that shit
I don't know what you take me for
I really don't play that shit
I ain't got to get you hit
I get out myself and spray that shit
Man I gotta have shoes, you know chrome 22's, everytime I get a brand new whip
I rolled around in a 5, till my money got right, then I went back and got that six
I'm in a big white Benz, on a hot sunny day, I call up the milk truck and shit
I have ya hoe, eyeballin' at the light, damn pimpin', you should take time to check that bitch
You saw me ridin through the hood, actin' like its all good, but I'm lookin' for a jux and shit
In the middle of the night, you can turn on ya lights, I mean my niggas in ya crib
nigga holla if there's a problem, and your niggas got drama, I got burners for sell and shit
Got the macs, got the nines, got them tecks all the time, holo-tips and the extra clips
I don't know what you take me for
I really don't play that shit
I ain't got to get you hit
I get out myself and spray that shit
I don't know what you take me for
I really don't play that shit
I ain't got to get you hit
I get out myself and spray that shit
Man I'm tired of tellin' niggas over and over everything about me be gangsta
Man I'm tired of tellin' niggas over and over I won't hesitate to pop or shank ya
Man I'm tired of tellin' niggas over and over they can hustle and I'm in your shit
Man I'm tired of tellin' niggas over and over you don't listen you gon' get ya ass hit
This is 50
Yeah
nigga cherish me
Like the water you drink
Like the air you breathe
You need me to live
Yeah

###50 Cent
###Clue / 50

Yeah nigga
We gonna smoke this motherfucker right here, right
We gonna smoke this shit
And I'ma drink a lot a water 
And I'ma take Golden Seal, so my PO don't find out
I'm smoking this shit, aight?
Yo, niggas wouldn't rob Frankie if they had the chance
Wasn't cause of him it was cause of his man Lance
Frankie cut crack
Lance hold the Mac
If fiends fuck with Frankie's pac's
Lance cut the crack heads blocked up
Thought he was locked up
Came thru stuntin' wit his wrist all rocked up
Shoulda seen him smile, missin' the tooth
Coupe missin the roof
He like "What up, 50?"
I'm like "What up with you"
Lance had a reputation that was well earned
Heard he taught niggas how them shells burn
Out there in Red Firm
At the dice game, he rolled ahead, crapped in the crack
I'm like "Nah, I ain't paying for that! Nigga, shoot it back"
Niggas lookin at me like I'm crazy, they shook
I don't give a fuck who he shot out in Red Hook
Asked him about ??
Yeah, Bizzy was my man till he beat me for ten grand and sold my Mac for
seven grand (Fuckin' crazy)
The man was crazy I could tell by his look
Cause he looked the way I look
When I look for a jooks
Bitch
Motherfucker
Teamwork, work hard nigga
50 cent
Rotten Apple
G-UNIT
Lloyd Banks
Tony Yayo, nigga
Hey what up, nigga 
You motherfuckin' right this DJ Clue Grand Theft Audio 2
Get the fuck out the car nigga don't make me rush you, nigga
Shoot that nigga, 50!

###50 Cent
###P.I.M.P.

I don't know what you heard about me
But a bitch can't get a dollar outta me
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see
That I'm a motherfuckin' P.I.M.P.
I don't know what you heard about me
But a bitch can't get a dollar outta me
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see
That I'm a motherfuckin' P.I.M.P.
Now shorty, she in the club, she dancin' for dollars
She got a thing for that Gucci, that Fendi, that Prada
That BCBG, Burberry, Dolce & Gabbana
She's feeding fools fantasies, they pay her cause they want her
I spit a little G man and my game got her
A hour later have that ass up in the Ramada
Them trick niggaz in they ear sayin' they think about her
I got the bitch by the bar tryin' to get a drink up out her
She like my style, she like my smile, she like the way I talk
She from the country, she like me cause I'm from New York
I ain't that nigga trying to holla cause I want some head
I'm that nigga tryin' to holla cause I want some bread
I could care less how she perform when she in the bed
Bitch hit the track, catch a date, and come pay the kid
Look baby, this is simple you can't see
You fuckin' with me you fuckin' with a P.I.M.P.
I don't know what you heard about me
But a bitch can't get a dollar outta me
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see
That I'm a motherfuckin' P.I.M.P.
I don't know what you heard about me
But a bitch can't get a dollar outta me
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see
That I'm a motherfuckin' P.I.M.P.
G (What?)
G (What?)
G (What?)
G (What?)
G (What?)
G (What?)
G (What?)
Unit (What?)
F-I-F-T-Y C-E-N-T and S-N double O-P
Doggy style in ya mouth for the 2003
And y'all know I'm from the DPG
F-I-F-T-Y C-E-N-T and S-N double O-P
We internationally known and locally respected
(And you know you're just a P.I.M.P) Now what you know about me
Yeah bitch I got my Now and Later gators on
I'm bout to show you how my pimp hand is way strong
Your dead wrong if ya think that pimpin' gon' die
Twelve piece with a hundred hoes by my side
I'm down with that nigga Fifty like I down with blue
(We love you Snoop Dogg)
G-U-N-I-Tizzy, fuckin' with me and the D-P-Gizzy
Niggaz in New York know how Doggy get down
I got my niggaz in Queens, I got my bitches Uptown
I got my business in Manhattan, I ain't fuckin' around
I got some butter pecan, Puerto Ricans from the Boogie Down (Down)
That's waitin' on me to return
So they can snatch these braids out and put my hair in a perm, word
They love it when I get to crippin'
And spittin' this mag-ah-ni-ficent pimpin
You need to switch over and ride with a star
It'll get you far
I'm a P-I-M-P G-A-N-G-S-T-E-R
Yeah, I'm young, but I ain't dumb
Got some tricks, but I ain't one
I'm a guerrilla for scrilla, I trip you, you try to run
I let em' do as they please, as long as they get my cheese
Even if they gotta freeze, or if it's a hundred degrees
I keep em' on they knees, take a look under my sleeve
I ain't gotta give em' much, they happy with Mickey D's, PIMP
We keep it pimpin' in the South, you know how it go (Dirty, Dirty)
We drive old school white walls with mink clothes
I spin the G-Unit piece, and get em' dizzy
Man cough up your love, or you're girl comin' with me
When your neck and wrist glow, she already should know
That money make the world go round, so lets get mo'
Its time to show these playas how it should be done
You got pimp potential, you're might could be one, G-UNIT
I don't know what you heard about me
But a bitch can't get a dollar outta me
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see
That I'm a motherfuckin' P.I.M.P.
In Hollywood, they say there's no b'ness like show b'ness
In the hood, they say, there's no b'ness like ho b'ness
You know, they say I talk a lil' fast, but if you listen a lil' faster
I ain't got to slow down for you to catch up, BITCH

###50 Cent
###Planet 50

If he's your number one, and he's your everything
Why would you pick up the phone when I call to talk to me?
You know you won't play with a nigga
I fly out to spend the day with a nigga
First flight, first seat and first class
First pair of Giuseppes, first Birkin bag
I'm Street King, so you'll be fit for a king
When we step out on the scene it's Alexander McQueen
It's a ghetto fairy tale, I'll be your knight in shining armor
And retro Jordan's, Giselle's and a leather bomber
Bright lights, city life, I'll show around New York a bit
From hot dogs and pretzels to the expensive shit
Cause we can shop till my nickname Saks Fifth
Madison Ave mindframe, baby I stack chips smile
Me cell phone'll capture the moment
When your emotions start to shift
I'm a just shoot that over your brown eyes
To chocolate thighs
Make me wanna sin good lord
Is this Adam and Eve happening again?
We could get all day, all night, twisted up, get right
Let me know if you're with it
That kush in my hood so good, roll it up, back wood
Can't wait to let you hit it
Now you're in my world
Now you're in my world!
Planet Fifty
Listen shawty, this is my foreplay without the touching
You can say it's my forté, I feel you coming
Mindsex I make you wanna take your clothes off
2020 [?] Benz, I'm feeling that concept
I want the best, now can you be the best for me
Can my vision and your ambition make the perfect recipe
Let's take a walk on the wild side and chat til your body language is saying, boy come get this cake
In my mind ten times, I done took off your clothes
So if you're thinking what I'm thinking, let me know it's a go
I'm a gambling man, talking 'bout life not dicing
And that look in your eyes say it's going down tonight
You can show me what you're into
As I get into, kissing, licking, switching positions
Acting like a nympho
Round after round, I show you how I put it down
Jet set, mile high club
We could get all day, all night, twisted up, get right
Let me know if you're with it
That kush in my hood so good, roll it up, back wood
Can't wait to let you hit it
Now you're in my world
Now you're in my world!
Planet Fifty

###50 Cent
###50 Bars

50 Bars of pleasure 50 bars of pain 
When I'm dead and gone niggaz gonna remember my name 50 
50 Bars of pleasure 50 bars of pain 
When I'm dead and gone niggaz gonna remember my name 50 
Yo Black is flashy like Alpo gun happy like Pappy
Sneaky muthafucka remind me of nigga that crack me
He aint the type you shoot dice with and win dog
Unless you want to get your ass layed out in gilmore
Yes we soldiers, remind me Troy and E-Bags
When they came through they hollored like 'What up Conrad?'
Grimey niggaz they loved to get gully
Summertime still had on black gloves and scullies
The Lex 450 pulled up that's Cornbread
Them niggaz from Philly would of called him an old head
But he an OG remind me of Chaz and Bump real low key
Sounded like he didn't know nothing about drama
For this money shit many men do trauma
Switchy walked in son, this bitch had the baddest ass
The bulletproof glass was rolled down on the S-Class
Heard in DC he kept mad blocks in order
Picture this a young nigga gettin it like Rich Porter
Sonny came in for half a pit
He got knocked, he on lock still controllin' his block from constop
Pop pulled up in the CL5 his project changed
His man just got fucking murked by Salene
Heard he got it in the range nigga Bean popped one in his brain
Over some-thing took his watch and his chain 
Country boys off the hook down there and Richmond main.
In the black 740 I sat, hat turned back
Bow down baby nelly singing my wrist blinging What!
I'm waiting on this nigga Wise we lost for two pies
Son he smokin that shit I can see it in his eyes
Coming up wise emotions closed 
Most buying round looking for wisemen toast
Benny hopped out the Esculade with a few thourough men from B-More
They sellin heroin in Maryland reverse back to Diesel
Killed like 4 fiends his popularity grew that only meant more cream
First it was him and his brother now he got a team
Went from 5 and a half grams to living the dream
City pulled up Goddamn you know his format
Bentley is all marble in the door and floor match
Got the gats out the stash box popped 2 glocks
Peace "All Eyez on Me" 2Pac
Everybody know he a boss he gotta floss
He on the same bullshit that sent Gotti up north
That's Dime in the blue ts stunting like he Nicky Barnes
He broke but he talk like he a Don
Homes hoppin out the Jag that's Max haitian cat
Kill a nigga quick remind me of Haitian Jack
I peep his style son I know his stelo, He on the d-low
He smile at niggaz mumbling fuck you in Creole
Heard war stories bout how he maneuver with the Ruger
Hold the iron horizontally and send shots through ya
Few niggaz tried to murk him, most them got fount
Some turnt away try to run they in wheelchairs now
Banks hopped out bulletproof this, bulletproof that
Bulletproof snorkel, bulletproof hat
Got out a Black hummer he blew 90 on that
Poppin mad shit like he gonna bulletproof that lets go

###50 Cent
###Just A Lil' Bit

Yeah
Shady
Aftermath
G-Unit
Damn baby all I need is a lil bit
A lil bit of this, a lil bit of that
Get it crackin' in the club when you hear this shit
Drop it like its hot, get to workin' that back
Go shake that thang, yeah work that thang
Let me see it go up and down
Rotate that thang, I wanna touch that thang
Can you make it go round and round
I step up in the club, I'm like who you with
G-Unit in the house, yeah thats my clique
Yeah I'm young, but a nigga from the old school
On the dance floor, a nigga doin' old moves
I don't give a fuck, I do what I wan' do
I hit your ass up, boy I done warned you
Better listen, when I talk, nigga don't trip
Yo' heat in the car, mine's in this bitch
I ain't tryna beef, I'm tryna get my drink on
Got my diamonds, my fitted, and my mink on
I'ma kick it at the bar till its time to go
Then I'ma get shorty here and I'ma let her know
All a nigga really need is a lil bit
Not a lot baby girl just a lil bit
We can head to the crib in a lil bit
I can show ya how I live in a lil bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil bit
Get to lickin' and fucking a lil bit
This is 50, comin' out your stereos
Hard to tell though, cause I switched the flow
Eyes a lil low, cause I twist the dro'
Pockets on swoll cause I move the O's
My neck, my wrist, my ears is froze
Come get ya bitch, she on me dawg
She musta heard about the dough
Now captain come on and save a hoe
I get it crunk in the club, I'm off the chain
Number one on the chart, all the time mayn
When the kid in the house, I turn it out
Keep the dance floor packed, thats without a doubt
And shorty shake that thang like a pro mayn
She back it up on me I'm like oh mayn
I get close enough to her so I know she can hear
System thumpin', party jumpin', I said loud and clear
All a nigga really need is a lil bit
Not a lot baby girl just a lil bit
We can head to the crib in a lil bit
I can show ya how I live in a lil bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil bit
Get to lickin' and -- a lil bit
Baby you got me feelin' right (ya heard me)
My mama gone, you can spend the night (ya heard me)
I ain't playin', I'ma tryna fuck tonight (ya heard me)
Clothes off, face down, ass up, c'mon
All a nigga really need is a lil bit
Not a lot baby girl just a lil bit
We can head to the crib in a lil bit
I can show ya how I live in a lil bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil bit
Get to lickin' and fucking a lil bit
All a nigga really need is a lil bit
Not a lot baby girl just a lil bit
We can head to the crib in a lil bit
I can show ya how I live in a lil bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down a lil bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil bit
Get to lickin' and -- a lil bit

###50 Cent
###My Life

(That's what I think he said...)
My life, my life
Makes me wanna run away
But there's no place to go, no place to go
All the confusion, it's an illusion
Like a movie, got nowhere to go
Nowhere to run and hide,
No matter how hard I try
Yeah, '03 I went from quite filthy to filthy rich
Man their emotions change so I can never trust a bitch
I tried to help niggas get on, they turned around and spit
Right in my face, so Game and Buck, both can suck a dick
Now when you hear 'em it may sound like it's some other shit
Cause I'm not writing anymore, they not making hits
I'm far from perfect, there's so many lessons I done learned
If money's evil look at all the evil I done earned
I'm doing what I'm supposed to
I'm a writer, I'm a fighter, entrepreneur
Fresh out the sewer, watch me maneuver, what's it to you?
The track I lace it, it's better than basic
This is my recovery, my comeback kid
My life, my life
Makes me wanna run away
But there's no place to go, no place to go
All the confusion,
It's an illusion
Like a movie, got nowhere to go
Nowhere to run and hide,
No matter how hard I try
While you were sipping your own kool-aid getting your buzz heavy
I was in the fucking shed sharpening my machete
Sipping on some of that revenge juice, getting my taste buds ready
To whoop down this spaghetti, or should I say this spa-get-even?
I think you fucking meatballs keep on just forgetting
Thought he was finished, motherfucker, it's only the beginning
He's buggin' again, he's straight thuggin', fuck who he's offending
He'll rip your vocal chords out and have them bitches plugged in the
Motherfucking wall with 3000 volts of electricity
Now take the other end of 'em then plug them, motherfuckers in each
One of your eye sockets cause I thought you might finally fucking see
That'll teach you to go voicing your cocksuckin' opinion to me
I done put my blood, my sweat and my tears in this shit
Fuck letting up, you're gonna end up regretting you ever betted against me
Feels like I'mma snap any minute, yeah, it's happening again
I'm thinking about the same
Motherfuck everybody that's up in this bitch, but 50!
Cause this is all I know, this is why so hard I go
I swear to God I put my heart and soul into this more than anybody knows
I'm trapped, so all I do is rap, but every time I rap I'm more trapped
And I rap myself right into this bubble, oh oh, I guess it's bubble wrap
It's like a vicious cycle, my life's in a crisis
Christ, how was I supposed to know shit would turn out like it did?
Feels like I'm going psycho again
And I might just blow my lid
Shit, I almost wish that I would have never made Recovery, kid
Cause I'm running in circles with
My life, my life
Makes me wanna run away
But there's no place to go, no place to go
All the confusion,
It's an illusion
Like a movie, got nowhere to go
Nowhere to run and hide,
No matter how hard I try
I haven't been this fucking confused since I was a kid
Sold like 40 million records, people forgot what I did
Maybe this is for me, maybe
Maybe I'm supposed to go crazy
Maybe I'll do it 3 AM in the morning like Shady (hah)
> Psycho killer, Michael Myers, I'm on fire like a lighter
Tryna say this ain't classic, get your ass kicked
Mad quick, wrap your head up in plastic
Pussy, now pick the casket, dirt nap with the maggots
It's tragic, it's sad it's
Never gonna end, now we number one again
With that frown on your face, and your heart full of hate
Accept it, respect it
This a gift God given like the air in the lungs
Of every fucking thing livin'
My life, my life
Makes me wanna run away
But there's no place to go, no place to go
All the confusion,
It's an illusion
Like a movie, got nowhere to go
Nowhere to run and hide,
No matter how hard I try

###50 Cent
###Best Friend

Yeah! It's my tape man, listen to my tape
WOO!!!
If I was your best friend, I want you 'round all the time (I want you 'round me all the time)
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine (Girl promise you'll be mine)
Please say he's just a friend (Uh huh) now girl let's not pretend (Come on)
Either he is or he ain't your man (Ha Ha!) please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend, I want you 'round all the time (I want you 'round me all the time)
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine (Girl promise you'll be mine)
Please say he's just a friend (Uh huh) now girl let's not pretend (Come on)
Either he is or he ain't your man (Ha Ha!) please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend
First we get the talkin, then we get the touchin
If we get pass the phone games we'll be fuckin
I kiss like the french therefore my tongue in your ear
Do it like the dogs do it girl and pull on your hair
For me a different scenery just mean a different position
In the tub or on the sink I improvise now listen
In the chopper or on the jet join the mile high club
I'm no fool I know money can't buy me love
But I'm a different type of nigga that make sure that you know
Instead of a rose, there's a hundred dozen of those
See I see somethin special when I look in your eyes
With your legs way back I see this pussy is mine
If you ain't sure when I'm talkin I don't tell you no lies
But there's things that you say that have me wonderin why
When I don't say what I'm thinkin it don't mean that I'm shy
Got on that shit you picked out for me that's why I'm so fly
If I was your best friend, I want you 'round all the time (I want you 'round me all the time)
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine (Girl promise you'll be mine)
Please say he's just a friend (Uh huh) now girl let's not pretend (Come on)
Either he is or he ain't your man (Ha Ha!) please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend, I want you 'round all the time (I want you 'round me all the time)
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine (Girl promise you'll be mine)
Please say he's just a friend (Uh huh) now girl let's not pretend (Come on)
Either he is or he ain't your man (Ha Ha!) please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend
While you in your bubble bath I'll come wash on your back
When you puttin on your lotion I can help you with that
I sit and think of things to say that may make you smile
Or give you gifts from my heart to reflect my style
Or slang I use when we build may change how you talk
And if I'm focused while I'm strokin I could change how you walk
There's a swagger that you calm but when you come from New York
I'm a hustler I just hustle in the things that I bought
Separate me from the rest, I feel like I'm the best
If there's a price to pay for feelin you I pay that twice
I'm as ghetto as it gets girl you know that's right
I ain't got nothin to hide baby I tell you my secrets
'Fore you end up bein 'round long enough to peep shit
I get closer to you, I mean closer than close
I get into you, after I take off my clothes
Girl I been into you, mentally long before
If I was your best friend, I want you 'round all the time (I want you 'round me all the time)
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine (Girl promise you'll be mine)
Please say he's just a friend (Uh huh) now girl let's not pretend (Come on)
Either he is or he ain't your man (Ha Ha!) please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend, I want you 'round all the time (I want you 'round me all the time)
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine (Girl promise you'll be mine)
Please say he's just a friend (Uh huh) now girl let's not pretend (Come on)
Either he is or he ain't your man (Ha Ha!) please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend

###50 Cent
###Window Shopper

Ohh
The top feels so much better than the bottom
So much better
Nigga you's a window shopper
Mad at me, I think I know why
Nigga you's a window shopper
In the jewelery store, looking at shit you can't buy
Nigga you's a window shopper
In the dealership, trying to get a test drive
Nigga you's a window shopper
Mad as fuck when you see me ride by
Summertime white porche carrera is milky
Im on the grind let my paper stack when I'm filthy
Funny how a nigga get the screw facing at me
Anyhow, they aint got the heart to get at me
I'll get down, southsides the hood that I come from
So I dont cruise to nobodys hood without my gun
You know the kid aint gonna follow that bullshit
try and stick me imma let off a full clip
It aint my fault you done fucked up your re-up
At the dice game who told you put a G up
Everybody mad when their paper dont stack right
When I come around y'all niggas better act right
When we got the tops down, you can hear the system thump
When we rollin' rollin' rollin'
Shut your block down, quick to put a hole in a chump
nigga When we rollin' rollin' rollin'
Nigga you's a window shopper
Mad at me, I think I know why
Nigga you's a window shopper
In the jewelery store, looking at shit you can't buy
Nigga you's a window shopper
In the dealership, trying to get a test drive
Nigga you's a window shopper
Mad as fuck when you see me ride by
niggas Love me in L.A. as soon as I pop in
They come scoop me up in LAX and I hop in
When it comes to bad bitches you know I got them
Some from Long Beach, some from Watts, some from Compton
You know a nigga wanna see how cali girls freak off
After that 5 hour flight from New York
I start spitting G at a bitch like a pimp man
Tell her meet me at The Mondrian so we can do our thing
She can bring the lingerie with her I suppose
And we can go from fully dressed to just having no clothes
She can run and tell her best friend bout my sex game
Her best friend could potentially be next man
Listen man, shit changed
I came up from doing my thang
Homey I'm holing, holing, holing
shit man, the store owner watching you
For something get stolen, stolen, stolen
Nigga you's a window shopper
Mad at me, I think I know why
Nigga you's a window shopper
In the jewelery store, looking at shit you can't buy
Nigga you's a window shopper
In the dealership, trying to get a test drive
Nigga you's a window shopper
Mad as fuck when you see me ride by

###Jay-Z
###Song Cry


The most incredible baby
Uhh - mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
Yeah, yeah.. uhh
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
Good dudes - I know you love me like cooked food
Even though a nigga got move like a crook move
We was together on the block since free lunch
We shoulda been together havin 4 Seasons brunch
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather
So now we travel first class to change the forecast
Never in bunches, just me and you
I loved your point of view cause you held no punches
Still I left you for months on end
It's been months since I checked back in
Well somewhere in a small town, somewhere lockin a mall down
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down
I can understand why you want a divorce now
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with
But deep inside a nigga so sick
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta let the song cry
I can't see it comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
On repeat, the CD of Big's "Me and My Bitch"
Watchin Bonnie and Clyde, pretendin to be that shit
Empty gun in your hand sayin, "Let me see that clip"
Shoppin sprees, pull out your Visa quick
A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip
You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6
We was so happy poor but when we got rich
That's when our signals got crossed, and we got flipped
Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit
Made me speed that quick, let me see - that's it
It was the cheese helped them bitches get amnesia quick
I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin they love me
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me
Then I showed up in that dubbed out buggy
And then they got fussy and they don't remember that
And I don't remember you..
I can't see it comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
Yeah I seen 'em comin down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone
Word back home is that you had a special friend
So what was oh so special then?
You have given away without gettin at me
That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me?
How was I to know that you was plain sick of me?
I know the way a nigga livin was whack
But you don't get a nigga back like that!
Shit I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that
You don't throw away what we had, just like that
I was just fuckin them girls, I was gon' get right back
They say you can't turn a bad girl good
But once a good girl's goin bad, she's gone forever..
I'll mourn forever
Shit I gotta live with the fact I did you wrong forever
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta let the song cry
I know I seen 'em comin down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
It's fucked up girl..

###Jay-z
###Where Have You Been

Damn how am I gonna say this shit?
hey... hey dad, yeah it's your boy
remember me? I wanna talk to you scrap
I remember being kicked out the house
'cause I looked just like you
Said I'd be nothing but a crook
just like you
The niggaz in the hood was shook
Where the just like you
'Cause all they said was little whitey look
I'm just like you
But dog I can't see it at all, shit
We never kicked it at all
We never pitched or kicked at a ball
dog, you never taught me shit
how to fight, ride a bike, fix a flat
none of that sorts of shit
Nigga you was an abusive pops
fuck you left me out to dry, stuck
gotta teach news to box
gotta teach news to bop
and that aint the half of it man
I gotta teach news to block
It's about time we have a father to son (nigga sit down)
sit down let me tell you 'bout your fatherless sons
how they grew to be men and father they sons
father they daughters
nigga, you left a fatherless daughter
I never follow your orders
nigga you make me sick
pussy you could....ooh
how you gonna leave these memories in the back of my mind
I can see it clear as day you smackin my mom
I 'member that day you showed me that gat, that 9
put it in my palm when I was young
and said that would be mine, you turned me out
the reason why I hit the block
reason why I tried to hit them cops
reason why I started hittin shots
reason why I started gettin licked
and drinkin syrup and skippin court
ginger bread man never think of gettin caught
look at your hand man damn you fought
nigga you left my mom
left us with no good-bye's
you left us out to dry
you left us with no letters, notes, (nothing!) no replies
no digits numbers was unlisted
you left us with some of my loneliest night
nigga some of my hungriest nights
shit, one of the reasons for years (shit embarrasin)
damn we used to think money was white
yeah you gave us life like, fruit from a plant
we aint eat right from them foods from them stamps
and to think you was my pop,
man i gotta stop shit
Daddy, Where Have You Been?
And when you come home, you got us here all alone
Mommy, Where Daddy Went?
You always stick up for him
Always said you'd make up for him
Mommy, What Happened Then?
What was you cheatin on him?
Why he's always beatin' on you?
Daddy, Where Have You Been?
Nigga, you gonna hear me out
I wanted to walk just like him (remember?)
wanted to talk just like him (word)
often momma said I look too much
and I thought just like him (it could happen)
wanted to drink Miller nips
and smoke Newports just like you
but you left me, now I'm goin to court just like you
I would say "my daddy loves me and he'll never go away"
bullshit, do you even remember December's my birthday?
do you even remember the tender boy
you turned into a cold young man
with one goal and one plan
get mommy out of some jam, she was always in one
always short with the income
always late with the rent
You said that you was comin through
I would stay in the hallway (waitin)
always playin the bench (waitin)
and that day came and went
Fuck You! very much you showed me the worst kind of pain
but I'm stronger and trust me I will never hurt again
will never ask mommy "why daddy don't love me?
Why is we so poor?, why is life so ugly?
Mommy why is your eyes puffy?"
please don't cry everything'll be alright
I know it's dark now, but we gon' see the light
It's us against the world
we don't need him, right? (right)
mommy drivin 6's now (yeah), I got riches now (yeah)
I bought I nice home for both of my sisters now
we doin real good
we don't miss you now
see how life twists around, fucker?
Daddy, Where Have You Been?
And when you come home, you got us here all alone
Mommy, Where Daddy Went?
You always stick up for him
Always said you'd make up for him
Mommy, What Happened Then?
What was you cheatin on him?
Why he's always beatin' on you?
Daddy, Where Have You Been?
Nigga, you gonna hear me out

###Jay-Z
###Renegade

Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels(bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doing
What I do, through and through and I gave you the news with a twist it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they
pop toasters, and they live with their mums
Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggas crotched over
Mummy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No, he's not around now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I'll bring you through the ghetto without riding round
hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in their ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you.
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt.
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it within a minute
Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then ya'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics?
Using his music to steer it sharing his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference, they're saying, "You shouldn't hear it."
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
as a motherfucking drug addict like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders - too bad you couldn't DO-GOOD at marriage!
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go, he's {Jigga durra Jigga da chk Jigga}
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the..
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a (RENEGADE) Never been afraid to holler
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench
What you hollering? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feeling braver
Doo-rag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me I'm awkward, I box leftier often
My pops left me and often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't growing, especially on nights
I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin greener
Raising my fingers to critics, raising my head to the sky
Big I did it multi(i) before I die (nigga)
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight.
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
as a monger of hate, Satan and scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the ladder, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie
while I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
in holy water no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (huh) I'm just a kid from the gutter
making his butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a motherfucking
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a (RENEGADE) Never been afraid to holler
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a (RENEGADE) Never been afraid to holler
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)

###Jay-Z
###Can I Get A...

What? Well fuck you... bitch
Bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ye-ye-yeah
Uh-huh uh-huh bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Get it!
Can I hit in the MORNIN
without givin you half of my dough
And even worse if I was broke would you WANT ME?
If I couldn't get you finer things
like all of them diamond rings bitches KILL FOR
would you STILL ROLL?
If we couldn't see the sun risin off the shore of Thailand
would you RIDE THEN, if I wasn't DRIVIN?
If I wasn't ah, eight figure nigga by the name of Jigga
would you come around me or would you clown me?
If I couldn't flow futuristic would ya
put your two lips on my wood and kiss it - could ya
see yourself with a nigga workin harder than 9 to 5
contend with six, two jobs to survive, or
do you need a BALLA? So you can shop and tear the MALL UP?
Brag, tell your friends what I BOUGHT YA
If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low
Baby girl, if this is so, yo..
Can I get a FUCK YOU
to these bitches from all of my niggaz
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a WOOP WOOP
to these niggaz from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggaz without dubs?
Now can you bounce wit me, uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh
Can I get a FUCK YOU
to these bitches from all of my niggaz
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a WOOP WOOP
to these niggaz from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggaz without dubs?
Now can you bounce wit me, uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh
You ain't gotta be rich but FUCK THAT
How we gonna get around your BUS PASS
Fo' I put this pussy on your mustache
Can you AFFORD ME, my niggaz breadwinners, never corny
Ambition makes me, so horny
Not the fussin and the frontin
If you got nuttin, baby boy, you betta
"Git Up, Git Out and get somethin" Shit!
I like a, lot of P-rada, Alize and Vodka
Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up
Get it up I put it down erytime it pop up, huh
I got to snap em, let it loose, then I knock ya
Feel the juice, then I got ya, when you produce a rocka
I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa
My, coochie remains in a Gucci name
Never test my patience nigga, I'm high maintenance
HIGH CLASS, if you ain't rollin, bypass
If you ain't holdin, I dash yo
Can I get a FUCK YOU
to these bitches from all of my niggaz
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a WOOP WOOP
to these niggaz from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggaz without dubs?
Now can you bounce wit me, uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh
Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me
Uhh
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh!
Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah
Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
UHH!
Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh! Yeah
It ain't even a question
how my dough flows, I'm good to these bad hoes
Like my bush wet and undry like damp clothes
What y'all niggaz don't know, it's eazy, to pimp a hoe
Bitches betta have my, money fo' sho'
Before they go, runnin they mouth, promotin half
I be dickin they, back out, go 'head, let it out
I fucks with my gat out, bounce and leave a hundred
Makin em feel, slutted even if they don't want it
It's been SO LONG
since I met a chick ain't on my tips but then I'm
DEAD WRONG, when I tell em BE GONE
So HOLD ON to the feelin of flossin and platinum
cause from NOW ON, you can witness Ja the I-CON
with hoodies and TIMBS ON, cause I thugs my bitches
VeVe, studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggaz
I'm talkin bout straight figures if you here, you wit us
If not Boo, you know what, I still fucked you
Can I get a FUCK YOU
to these bitches from all of my niggaz
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a WOOP WOOP
to these niggaz from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggaz without dubs?
Now can you bounce wit me, uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh
Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Bounce, bitch, bounce.. wit me wit me wit me wit me
Can ya bounce wit me wit me
Ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh
Can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me
Geyeah

###Jay-Z
###Big Pimpin'

Uhh, uh uh uh
It's big pimpin baby..
It's big pimpin, spendin G's
Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh..
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah..
You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em
Cause I don't fuckin need em
Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good
But I don't fuckin feed em
First time they fuss I'm breezin
Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?"
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch
Better trust than believe em
In the cut where I keep em
til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts
Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up
Let em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread
so you can be livin it up? Shit I..
parts with nothin, y'all be frontin
Me give my heart to a woman?
Not for nothin, never happen
I'll be forever mackin
Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion
I got no patience
And I hate waitin..
Hoe get yo' ass in
And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now
RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah
And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now
RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah
We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin cheese
Check em out now
Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario
Comin straight up out the black bar-rio
Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe
Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh
Oops, my bad, that's my scenario
No I can't fuck a scary hoe
Now every time, every place, everywhere we go
Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!"
Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit
We don't pull it out over little shit
And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit
Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab
Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me
and you see us comin down on yo' slab
Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it
But nigga if you hatin I
then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it
You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on
Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track 
Timbaland let me spit my pro's on
Pump it up in the pro-zone
That's the track that we breakin these hoes on
Ain't the track that we flow's on
But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone
We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man
Fo' real it don't get no bigger man
Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip
Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool
We be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga
Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all
If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes
Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me
Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys
Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise
We be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga
On a canopy my stamina be enough for Pamela Anderson Lee
MTV jam of the week 
Made my money quick then back to the streets but
Still sittin on blades... sippin that ray...
Standin on the corner of my block hustlin
Still gettin that cane
half what I paid slippin right through customs
It'll sell by night its extra white...
I got so many grams if the man find out 
it will land me in jail for life 
But im still big pimpin spendin chesse 
with B.U.N. B, Pimp C, and Timothy
We got bitches in the back of the truck, laughin it up
Jigga Man that's what's up
We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin cheese
Check em out now
Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B

###Jay-Z
###U Don't Know

Turn my music high, high, high, high-er
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."
Sure I do..
I'm from the streets where the
hood could swallow a man, bullets'll follow a man
There's so much coke that you could run the slalom
And cops comb the shit top to bottom
They say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home
Where personalities crash and chrome meets chrome
The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street homes
But this is worse than the Dow Jones your brains are now blown
all over that brown Brougham, one slip you are now gone
Welcome to hell where you are welcome to sell
But when them shells come you better return 'em
All scars we earn 'em, all cars we learn 'em like the back of our hand
We watch for cops hoppin out the back of van
Wear a G on my chest, I don't need that for damn
This ain't a sewn outfit homes, homes is about it
Was clappin them flamers before I became famous
For playin me y'all shall forever remain nameless
I am Hov'
Sure I do, I tell you the difference between me and them
They tryin to get they ones, I'm tryin to get them M's
One million, two million, three million, four
In just five years, forty million more
You are now lookin at the forty million boy
I'm rapin Def Jam 'til I'm the hundred million man
R., O., C.
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."
That's where you're wrong
I came into this motherfucker a hundred grand strong
Nine to be exact, from grindin G-packs
Put this shit in motion ain't no rewindin me back
Could make 40 off a brick but one rhyme could beat that
And if somebody woulda told 'em that Hov' would sell clothin
Heh, not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind
That's another difference that's between me and them
Heh, I'm smarten up, open the market up
One million, two million, three million, four
In eighteen months, eighty million more
Now add that number up with the one I said before
You are now lookin at one smart black boy
Momma ain't raised no fool
Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth
Motherfucker - I, will, not, lose
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."
Put somethin on it
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell
I am a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well
I was born to get cake, move on and switch states
Cop the Coupe with the roof gone and switch plates
Was born to dictate, never follow orders
Dickface, get your shit straight, fucka this is Big Jay
I.. hahahaha..
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."
.. will, not, lose, ever.. FUCKA!

###Jay-Z
###Niggas In Paris

We're gonna skate to one song and one song only.
So I ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
first niggas gotta find me
What’s 50 grand to a muhfucka like me
Can you please remind me?
Ball so hard, this shit crazy
Y’all don’t know that don’t shit phase me
The Nets could go 0-82 and I look at you like this shit gravy
Ball so hard, this shit weird
We ain’t even supposed to be here,
Ball so hard, since we here
It’s only right that we be fair
Psycho, I’m liable to go Michael
Take your pick, Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
Ball so hard, got a broke clock, Rolleys that don’t tick tock
Audemars that’s losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
Ball so hard, I’m shocked too,
I’m supposed to be locked up too
you escaped what I’ve escaped
You’d be in Paris getting fucked up too
Ball so hard, let’s get faded, Le Meurice for like 6 days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin’ Ace on my sick J’s
So ball so hard, bitch behave, just might let you meet Ye,
Chi towns D. Rose, I’m movin’ the Nets to BK
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray
That shit cray
That shit cray
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray
That shit cray
That shit cray
She said Ye can we get married at the mall?
I said look you need to crawl ‘fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all
Ball so hard
That shit cray (that shit cray), ain’t it Jay?
Ball so hard
What she order (what she order), fish filet
Ball so hard
Your whip so cold (whip so cold), this old thing
Ball so hard
Act like you’ll never be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand
Fuck that bitch she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French but I’m in France (I’m just sayin’)
Prince William’s ain’t do it right if you ask me
Cause I was him I would have married Kate & Ashley
What's Gucci my nigga?
What's Louis my killa?
What's drugs my deala?
What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest
Cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris
And they going gorillas, huh!
I don't even know what that means.
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No, it's not, it's gross
(It gets the people going!)
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
You are now watching the throne
Don’t let me get in my zone [3x]
These other niggas is lyin’
Actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
I got that hot bitch in my home
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don’t let me get in my zone [4x]
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m bout to kill it
How you know, I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don’t let me into my zone
Don’t let me into my zone
I’m definitely in my zone

###Jay-Z
###Drunk In Love

I've been drinking, I've been drinking
I get filthy when that liquor get into me
I've been thinking, I've been thinking
Why can't I keep my fingers off it, baby?
I want you, na na
Why can't I keep my fingers off it, baby?
I want you, na na
Cigars on ice, cigars on ice
Feeling like an animal with these cameras all in my grill
Flashing lights, flashing lights
You got me faded, faded, faded
Baby, I want you, na na
Can't keep your eyes off my fatty
Daddy, I want you, na na
Drunk in love, I want you
We woke up in the kitchen saying,
"How the hell did this shit happen?"
Oh baby, drunk in love we be all night
Last thing I remember is our beautiful bodies grinding up in the club
Drunk in love
We be all night, love, love
We be all night, love, love
We be all night,
And everything alright
No complaints from my body, so fluorescent under these lights
Boy, I'm drinking,
Park it in my lot 7-11
I'm rubbing on it, rub-rubbing, if you scared, call that reverend
Boy, I'm drinking, get my brain right
Armand de brignac, gangster wife
Louie sheets, he sweat it out like wash rags he wear it out
Boy, I'm drinking, I'm singing on the mic to my boy toys
Then I fill the tub up halfway then ride it with my surfboard, surfboard, surfboard
Graining on that wood, graining, graining on that wood
I'm swerving on that, swerving, swerving on that big body
Been serving all this, swerve, surfing all in this good, good
We woke up in the kitchen saying,
"How the hell did this shit happen?"
Oh baby, drunk in love we be all night
Last thing I remember is our beautiful bodies grinding up in the club
Drunk in love
We be all night, love, love
We be all night, love, love
(I'm nice right now)
Hold up
That D'USSÉ is the shit if I do say so myself
If I do say so myself, if I do say so myself
Hold up,
Stumbled all in the house time to back up all of that mouth
That you had all in the car, talking 'bout you the baddest bitch thus far
Talking 'bout you be repping that third, I wanna see all the shit that I heard
Know I sling Clint Eastwood, hope you can handle this curve
Foreplay in the foyer, fucked up my Warhol
Slip the panties right to the side
Ain't got the time to take draws off, on site
Catch a charge I might, beat the box up like Mike
In '97 I bite, I'm Ike, Turner, turn up
Baby no I don't play, now eat the cake, Anna Mae
Said, "Eat the cake, Anna Mae!"
I'm nice, for y'all to reach these heights you gonna need G3
4, 5, 6 flights, sleep tight
We sex again in the morning, your breastases is my breakfast
We going in, we be all night
We be all night, love, love
We be all night, love, love
Never tired, never tired
I been sipping, that's the only thing that's keeping me on fire, me on fire
Didn't mean to spill that liquor all on my attire
I've been drinking watermelon
I want your body right here, daddy I want you, right now
Can't keep your eyes off my fatty
Daddy I want you
We be all night, love, love
We be all night, love, love

###Jay-Z
###Jockin' Jay-Z

I seen you jockin Jay-Z cause he got a Mercedes and you know about his ladies...
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
Who's house? Hov no doubt
'Bout the only rapper still gettin money in the drought
I moves out, in the global, I'm a mogul
Fifty thousand feet in the air and I'm still on my mobile
Fuck talking bout the recession the shit's depressin
I rock with Obama but I'm not a politician
And I, chill with the thugs and the gangsters too
I ain't a blood but I'm warrin with the boys in blue
Crooked officer!!! crooked officer!!!
Why you wanna see me in a coffin sir?!
Is it against the law the way I'm flossin sir?!
Benzes, Rolls Royces and Porches, UGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Haters like Hov why you still talkin money shit? 
Cause I like money BITCH!!!!
I like fly shit, you like gossip
I let you do you, why you ridin my tip?
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
That bloke from Oasis said I couldn't play guitar
Somebody shoulda told him I'm a fuckin rock star
Today, is gonna be the day
That I'm gonna throw it back to yoooooou
I'm livin life as a rocker, I'm like Pimp C, pat'na
Comin down in Mercedes, peelin off on the boppers
Worldwide show, I'm comin down in a chopper
Hundred eighty-thou screamin "Hov!" with the Roc up
It's too easy!!! I got ladies on shoulders showin me they chi-chis
I met honey at the show last year
And now I'm actin brand new like a (world premier)
Yeah, I know life ain't fair
But chill, baby girl - MY GIRL IS HERRRE!
I got models in a mosh pit
Dancin off-beat, but they know the words to my shit!
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
You ain't gotta jock Jay-Z, jock fly shit
You ain't gotta jock me, homey, jock my chick
Jock her cinatti, she (Body) you with her fit
No that's not Pilates, her body is just thick
You ain't gotta jock her nigga, jock my clique 
Jock the dope boys 'cause we all tossed bricks 
Federallis jock me while I'm crossin the bridge 
Click, click - take a portrait of this
I ain't no pretty boy I got a georgeous wrist 
Cut handsome checks and my flow's pretty, sick
I'm some ghetto chic, I'm where the hood and high fashion meet
Oooh wee I'm like the camouflauge Louis
How you niggas want it the tux or the toolie?!
Haters, I ain't mad at you
If I wasn't I probably jock me too
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z 
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!)
Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I'm so dope boy fresh!!!!!!

###Jay-Z
###99 Problems

If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
I got the rap patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's "Money Cash Hoes"
I'm from the hood stupid what type of facts are those
If you grew up with holes in your zapatos
You'd celebrate the minute you was having dough
I'm like fuck critics you can kiss my whole asshole
If you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show
They don't play my hits well I don't give a shit SO
Rap mags try and use my black ass
So advertisers can give em more cash for ads...fuckers
I don't know what you take me as
or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has
I'm from rags to riches nigga I ain't dumb
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
The year is '94 and in my trunk is raw
In my rear view mirror is the mother fucking law
I got two choices yall pull over the car or
bounce on the double put the pedal to the floor
Now I ain't trying to see no highway chase with jake
Plus I got a few dollars I can fight the case
So I...pull over to the side of the road
And I heard "Son do you know why I'm stopping you for?"
Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low
Do I look like a mind reader sir, I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some mo?
"Well you was doing fifty five in a fifty four"
"License and registration and step out of the car"
"Are you carrying a weapon on you I know a lot of you are"
I ain't stepping out of shit all my papers legit
"Do you mind if I look round the car a little bit?"
Well my glove compartment is locked so is the trunk and the back
And I know my rights so you gon' need a warrant for that
"Aren't you sharp as a tack are some type of lawyer or something?"
"Or somebody important or something?"
Nah I ain't passed the bar but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
"Well see how smart you are when the K-9's come"
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
Now once upon a time not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strong arm a hoe
This is not a hoe in the sense of having a pussy
But a pussy having no God Damn sense, try and push me
I tried to ignore him and talk to the Lord
Pray for him, cause some fools just love to perform
You know the type loud as a motor bike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
The only thing that's gonna happen is i'mma get to clapping
He and his boys gon' be yapping to the captain
And there I go trapped in the kit kat again
Back through the system with the riff raff again
Fiends on the floor scratching again
Paparazzi's with they cameras snapping them
D.A. tried to give the nigga the shaft again
Half-a-mil for bail cause I'm African
All because this fool was harrassin' them
Trying to play the boy like hes saccarin
But ain't nothing sweet 'bout how I hold my gun
I got 99 problems but being a bitch ain't one
Hit me
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Hit me
You're crazy for this one Rick
It's your boy

###Ice Cube
###It was a good day

Break 'em off somethin
Shit..
Yo..
Yo.. uhh..
Just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank God
I don't know but today seems kinda odd
No barkin from the dog, no smog
And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog (damn)
I got my grub on, but didn't pig out
Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out
(Whassup?) Hooked it up for later as I hit the do'
Thinkin will I live, another twenty-fo'
I gotta go cause I got me a drop top
And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop
Had to stop, at a red light
Lookin in my mirror and not a jacker in sight
And everything is alright
I got a beep from Kim, and she can fuck all night
Called up the homies and I'm askin y'all
Which park, are y'all playin basketball?
Get me on the court and I'm trouble
Last week fucked around and got a triple double
Freakin niggaz everyway like M.J.
I can't believe, today was a good day (shit!)
Drove to the pad and hit the showers
Didn't even get no static from the cowards
Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me
Saw the police and they rolled right past me
No flexin, didn't even look in a nigga's direction
as I ran the intersection
Went to $hort Dog's house, they was watchin Yo! MTV Raps
What's the haps on the craps?
Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em
Roll 'em in a circle of niggaz and watch me break 'em
with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven
Seven even back do' Lil' Joe
I picked up the cash flow
Then we played bones, and I'm yellin domino
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.
Today was a good day (shit!)
Left my nigga's house paid (what)
Picked up a girl been tryin to fuck since the 12th grade
It's ironic, I had the brew she had the chronic
The Lakers beat the Supersonics
I felt on the big fat fanny
Pulled out the jammy, and killed the punanny
And my dick runs deep, so deep
So deep put her ass to sleep
Woke her up around one
She didn't hesitate, to call Ice Cube the top gun
Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin
Took another sip of the potion hit the three-wheel motion
I was glad everything had worked out
Dropped her ass off and then chirped out
Today was like one of those fly dreams
Didn't even see a berry flashin those high beams
No helicopter looking for a murder 
Two in the mornin got the Fatburger 
Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp
And it read, "Ice Cube's a pimp" (yeah)
Drunk as hell but no throwin up 
Half way home and my pager still blowin up
Today I didn't even have to use my A.K.
I got to say it was a good day (shit!)
Hey wait, wait a minute Pooh, stop this shit
What the fuck I'm thinkin about?

###Ice Cube
###Soul on Ice

Internationally Known
You Got To Smell My Cologne
Westcoast Motherfucka
Let's Toast Motherfucka
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money New Money No Money Noge Money
Don't Try To Con The Godfather In Sunny
Don't Try To Turn Your Four Fathers Into Moneey
The Rap God Got the Whole World Praying For Me
Pray For Me Bird I See You LayingFor Me
Got Crazy Goons DJing For Me
I'm The Real Iron Man You Just Robert Downey
A Crack Head And Black Face Fresh Out The County
Nigga
Back The Fuck Up Off Me
I Burn Just Like Hot Coffee
I'm Conned Up Sweet Like Coffee
Look What This Game Done For Me
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Ey
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
Look Nigga
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
Ey
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Candy Paint Flow Ever Since My Adidas
Ice Cube Fans Get Sugar Doc Ridas
Sugar Ray Leonard Style Nigga I'm The Sweetest
Roll In On Some Ass Just Like Jesus
Cool As A Fridge and You Shaking Like Jello
Mad Cause My LIfes Like A Marshmellow
Look Motherfucka If You Smell My Cologne
Ask Yourself Why You're All Up In My Zone
Back The Fuck Up Off Me
I Burn Just Like Hot Coffee
I'm Conned Up Sweet Like Coffee
Look What This Game Done For Me
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Look Mama Look Mama I'm Soul On Ice
Ey
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
Look Nigga
You Bout To Smell My Cologne
Oooh Ooh Oh Ooh
Oooh Ooh Oh Ooh 
Oooh Ooh Oh Ooh 
Oooh Ooh Oh Ooh 
Yo What's Up My Niggas Out There
Just Letting You Know Right Now Man
You Got To You Better You Gotta Pay Your Dues
To The Dime Nigga
Dead On The Block And Hit Ya'll Ass
With That Old Ice Cube Superbom Hit
The One That Sent Your Cousin Tony Tole To The Peneteniary
Get Back In 89
The One That Sent Lil Ray Ray Out From LA
To St Louis And Got Off The Bus
And Served Those Nigga Them Quater Thangs
Make Sure Ya'll Tune Into Ice Cube
The First One Who Put You Niggas
On Burns And Pimping
Pistols And Preaching
On Burns And Pimping
Pistols And Preaching
On Burns And Pimping
Pistols And Preaching
On Burns And Pimping
Pistols And Preaching
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money
Old Money

###Ice Cube
###No vaseline

God damn, I'm glad ya'll set it off.
Used to be hard, now you're just wet and soft.
First you was down with the AK,
And now I see you on a video with Michel'le?
Lookin' like straight bozos.
I saw it comin', that's why I went solo.
And kept on stompin',
When ya'll motherfuckers moved straight outta Compton.
Livin' with the whites, one big house,
And not another nigga in sight.
I started off with too much cargo,
Dropped four niggas now I'm makin' all the dough.
White man just rulin'.
The Niggas With Attitudes -- who ya foolin'?
Ya'll niggas just phony,
I put that on my mama and my dead homies.
Yella Boy's on your team, so you're losin';
Ay yo Dre, stick to producin'.
Callin' me Arnold, but you Been-a-dick;
Eazy E saw your ass and went in it quick.
You got jealous when I got my own company,
But I'm a man, and ain't nobody helpin' me.
Tryin' to sound like America's Most,
You could yell all day but you don't come close.
'Cause you know I'm the one that flown,
Ya done run 100 miles, but you still got one to go.
With the L-E-N-C-H M-O-B, and ya'll disgrace the C-P-T.
'Cause you're gettin' fucked out your green by a white boy,
With no Vaseline...
"Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..."
"Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..."
"Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..."
"Damn, it feels good to see people...on it"
The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin',
Who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain?
You're gettin' fucked real quick,
And Eazy's dick, is smellin' like MC Ren's shit.
Tried to tell you a year ago,
But Willie D told me to let a hoe be a hoe, so
I couldn't stop you from gettin' ganked,
Now let's play big-bank-take-little-bank.
Tried to dis Ice Cube, it wasn't worth it
'Cause the broomstick fit your ass so perfect.
Cut my hair and I'll cut them balls,
'Cause I heard you're, like, givin' up the drawers.
Gang-banged by your manager, fella,
Gettin' money out your ass, like a motherfucking Ready Teller.
Givin' up the dollar bills,
Now they got the Villain with a purse and high-heels.
So don't believe what Ren say,
'Cause he's goin' out like Kunte Kinte,
But I got a whip for ya Toby;
Used to be my homey, now you act like you don't know me.
It's a case of divide-and-conquer,
'Cause you let a Jew break up my crew.
House nigga gotta run and hide,
Yellin' Compton, but you moved to Riverside.
So don't front, MC Ren, 'cause I remember when you drove a B 2-10.
Broke as a motherfucking joke.
Let you on the scene to back up the Verse Team.
It ain't my fault, one nigga got smart,
And they rippin' your asshole apart.
By takin' your green, oh yeah,
The Villain does get fucked with no Vaseline.
"Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..."
"Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..."
"Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..."
"Damn, it feels good to see people...on it"
I never have dinner with the President.
I never have dinner with the President.
I never have dinner with the President.
And when I see your ass again, I'll be hesitant.
Now I think you a snitch,
Throw a house nigga in a ditch.
Half-pint bitch, fuckin' your homeboys.
You little maggot; Eazy E turned faggot.
With your manager, fella,
Fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella.
But if they were smart as me,
Eazy E would be hangin' from a tree.
With no Vaseline, just a match and a little bit of gasoline.
Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on...
Till that Jheri curl is gone.
On a permanent vacation, off the Massa plantation.
Heard you both got the same bank account,
Dumb nigga, what you thinkin' bout?
Get rid of that Devil real simple, put a bullet in his temple.
'Cause you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew
With a white Jew tellin' you what to do.
Pullin' wools with your scams, now I gotta play the Silence of the Lambs.
With a midget who's a punk too,
Tryin' to fuck me, but I'd rather fuck you.
Eric Wright, punk, always into somethin', gettin' fucked at night.
By Mista Shitpacker, bend over for the goddamn cracker, no Vaseline...

###Ice Cube
###Check yo self

Yeah! Word is bond!
Das EFX in this yaknowhatI'msayin
Straight from the sewer, word is bond!
Yeah! Yah! Ah-yeah! We doin this with my nigga
Where my nigga? Ice Cube in the motherfucker
Word is bond! (Yeah!)
You better check yo self before you wreck yo self
Cos I'm bad for your health, I come real stealth
Droppin bombs on ya moms, fuck car alarms
Doin foul crime, I'm that nigga wit'cha Alpine
Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know
And friends know, we got the indo
No I'm not a sucker, sittin in a House of Pain
And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya (Uh!)
Headbutt ya, you say you can't touch this
And I wouldn't touch ya, punk motherfucka
Here to let you know boy, oh boy
I make dough but don't call me DoughBoy
This ain't no fuckin motion picture
A guy or bitch-a, my nigga get wit'cha
And hit ya, takin that yack to the neck
So you better run a check
So come on and chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
Chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
Yeah, come on and check yo self before you wreck yo self
Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played
Cause they bitchmade pullin out a switchblade
That's kinda trifle, caise that's a knife-o
AK-47, assault rifle
Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow
I gotta new style, "WATCH OUT NOW!"
I hate motherfuckers claimin that they foldin bank
But steady talkin shit in the holding tank
First you wanna step to me
Now your ass screamin for the deputy
They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row
Now they runnin up in ya slow
You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!)
Now your name is just Twan
Switch it, snap it, rollin your eyes and neck
You better run a check
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
Cause big dicks up yo ass is bad for yo health
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate
You coulda had a V8
Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (POOOOOW!)
I got six and I'm aimin em
Will I shoot or keep you guessin
Cause fuck you and that shit ya stressin
Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good
There goes the neighbourhood hooker (Slut!)
Go ahead and keep your drawers
Givin up the claps and who needs applause
At a time like this, pop the coochie and ya dead
The bitch is a Miami Hurricane hit
Sprung, niggaz call her 'Lips and Lungs'
Nappy dugout, get the fuck out
Cause women like you gets no respect
Bitch, you better run a check
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self
Cause bitches like you is bad for my health
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self
Cause bitches like you is bad for my health
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)

###Ice Cube
###Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It

Maestro!!!
Blame me
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow it's R-A-W, R-A-W
You looking at the grand wizard, war lord vocal chord so vicious
And I don't have to show riches to pull up pull off with some bad bitches
And it ain't about chivalry
It's about dope lyrics and delivery
It's about my persona ain't nothing like a man that can do what he wanna
Ain't nothing like man on that you knew on the corner
See 'em come up and fuck up the owner
See 'em throw up Westside California
Nigga I'm hot as Phoenix Arizona
I'm Utah I got multiple bitches
It's a new law keep a hold of yo riches
Dumb nigga don't spend it as soon as you get it
And recognize I'm a captain and you a lieutenant
I can say what I want to say ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I call you a nigga ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
I can act like an animal ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I eat you like a cannibal ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
I'm raw as a dirty needle
Choke an eagle
Just to feed all my people
Lyrically I'm so lethal
Plant thoughts in they mind just to defeat you
Ice Cube is a saga y'all spit saliva
And I spit lava
I got the fearless flow
Don't get near this ho
If you sacred to go
I keep it gangsta and why should change that
fuck you all you motherfuckers trying to change rap
But aren't you the same cat that sat back when they brought cocaine back
I'm trying to get me a Maybach
how you motherfuckers gonna tell me don't say that
you the ones that we learned it from
I heard nigga back in 1971
So if I act like a pimp ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I call you a nappy headed ho ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I shoot up your college ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I rob you of knowledge ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
Thank God when I bless the mic
You finally get to hear the shit that you like
A nigga talking bout real life so you can try to get this shit right
Use your brain not your back use your brain not a gat
It's a party not a jack (for real)
Don't be scared of them people
Walk up in there and show them that you equal (fuck them fuck them)
Don't be material a nigga grew up on milk and cereal
I never for got vaness and imperial
Look at my life Ice Cube is a miracle
It could be you if you was this lyrical
It could be her if she was this spiritual
Cause me and Allah go back like cronies
I don't got to be fake cause he is my homie
If I sell a little crack ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I die in Iraq ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I take you for granted ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
If I fuck up the planet ain't nothing to it gangsta rap made me do it
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow it's R-A-W, R-A-W
Oh yeah and another thing
For all ya niggas that don't do gangsta rap
Don't get on TV talking about gangsta rap
Cause 9 times at a 10 you don't know the fuck you talk about
Talk about that bullshit rap you do
Stay the fuck out of mine

###Ice Cube
###Go To Church

Nigga you need to stop snitchin!
All that yip-yappin and jaw-jackin
Nigga if you scared, go to church
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it
Whattup it's the big boss Dogg
Snoop D-O-double-G, Eastside L.B.C.
And I'm bobbin to the beat of my O.G. homeboy Ice Cube
And I'm C-walkin on the motherfuckin concrete
Yo if you're fucked up, put your cups up
Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, nigga what's up
See he's a gangster, I'm a hustler
Yo it's either thank ya, or it's fuck ya
I'm down with Lil Jon ain't got to pretend (YEAH!)
"Crunk Juice" nigga run the club that you in (HEY!)
You scary motherfuckers don't wanna bring the ruckus (NAH!)
You just spend all your time in the club tryin to duck us (WHAT?)
And if you walk by nigga, I'ma knock fire nigga
from yo' ass, you can come try nigga (HEY!)
In the hood, all the way down South (YEAH!)
I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth bitch (Mike Jones)
We can get it crackin if it get to clickin clackin
Look at Mr. Jackson, nigga with no reaction
If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts
That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt
Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lot of noise (hey)
Lyrics full of steroids, niggaz paranoid (hey)
And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up
When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no nuts
If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH)
If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT)
If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK)
IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!)
If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH)
If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT)
If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK)
IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!)
Click clackin, pistol-packin, Crip raggin folio
Who the only nigga in the club with the toolio
You ain't know? Yeah you did; there it was, there it is
"Is that Coolio?" Naw bitch, let me in
Jibba-jabba snatcher get at ya, spit at actors & rappers
Hang out with kidnappers and jackers
Make money off crackers; can you imagine how I keep shit crackin?
It's the big boss Dogg I'm back in action and smashin
I flash with the bling I sur-pass the supreme
You don't really wanna have a clash with my team
I mix hash with the green I'm the, last of the kings
If I got a bitch with me she got ass in them jeans
Rollin through yo' neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean
Servin all you suckers cause you all dopefiends
Just like that dopeman, nigga what's up?
You run up with that bullshit I'll fuck yo' ass up
If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH)
If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT)
If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK)
IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!)
You scared, you scared
You scared motherfucker you scared
You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared)
You scared motherfucker you scared (you scared)
You scared, you scared
You scared motherfucker you scared
You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared)
You scared motherfucker you scared (you scared)
If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH)
If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT)
If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK)
IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!)
It goes one for the money (HEY) two for the show (YEAH)
Three for the pussy, fo' for the glow (HEY)
Five for the rookies, six for the pros (NAH)
Seven for the numbers of them fuckin zeroes (WHAT?)
Eight for haters, nine for the cause
Ten for my niggaz, behind big bars (HEY)
Fuck these devils, and they laws (YEAH!)
Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls

###Ice Cube
###Thank God

I do gangsta rap
They wanna blame world problems on gangsta rap
It's our fault, cause motherfuckers is dying in Iraq
It's our fault, cause motherfuckers is starving in Africa
It's gangsta rap fault, that people are poor can't get
enough to fucking eat or live their life
That's rap music fault
It's rap music fault, that we got all this goddamn laws
and restriction and shit we can't do
They blame it all on us
I'm blamin' them for gangsta rap,
because if they didn't create this kind of condition
I wouldn't have shit to rap about
You know what I mean?
A'right, a'right, everybody back up, star status comin' through
The man is in the building
Don't touch him, don't look at him, and don't ask to take a picture
I walks in, with that California swagger
With that attitude that it ain't nothin' badder
Now you can call me rapper
Or you can call me mister
Big money trapper, fuckin' with your sister
I'ma do it my way, from here to Zimbabwe
It's too hot today
Fuck what you got to say
Fuck if you mad at me, better go change your battery
Ain't gonn take my sunshine, like I hit the lottery
Ah, he's a show off, a hot head go off
Yeah don't make he mad
He might tear the fucking door off
Take all his cars, and don't try to fall
Cuz one of his people, might cut your fucking toe off
Ice Cube baby, make you take him serious
Everthin' I say, ends with a period
Everthin' I do, ends with you curious
Lookin' for the best rapper
God damn period
(Thank God)
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God)
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
Comin' live from Los Angeles
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you saved a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I'm coming
When I step up in the spot
Is he a thug or not
Is he a jugganaught, no I'm a astronaught
Nose all in the clouds, Ya'll think I'm too proud
Got to stay above the crowd, How you fuckers like me now
Some of ya'll start to smile
Some of ya'll start to frown
Some of ya'll back up
All niggers start to clap
Now I gotta act up, kinda like Bobby Brown
Better call for back up, when I shut this lobby down
When will you realise the cycle will continue though
Commercials for gatorade
Boy is it in you
hate to see me comin'
Riches full of drummin' ??
Me and my ladies
Superman and Wonder Woman
He think he the shit, the shit think he me
So come smell mine, I bet it don't stink
I am the link, the food and the drink
The colour in the Kool aid, the nigger in the meat
(Don't trip)
(Thank God)
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God)
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you saved a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I'm comin'
Thank God that The Gangsta's back
When will they realise, they'll never stop me
They call me arrogant
They call me cocky
Just because, I wont let them chop me
They want to whoop my ass, but this ain't Rocky
I'm as hot as an habotchi
Star child comin'
And I promise ya'll I'ma keep it one hun'ed
Ya'll promise me you wont T.R.I.P
Or I'ma have to hit your ass with a 2 piece
Hit you with some rice and two more sides
Don't you know my niggers turn haters in the mash poetatus
I'm the macaroni with the cheese nigger please
when you see me on the red carpet, down on your knees
(Thank God)
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God)
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you saved a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I'm comin'

###Ice Cube
###Hello

Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
The motherfuckin world is a ghetto
Full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal
When the smoke settle..
.. I'm just lookin for a big yellow;
in six inch stilletos
Dr. Dre {Hello..} perculatin keep em waitin
While you sittin here hatin, yo' bitch is hyperventilatin'
Hopin that we penetratin, you gets natin
cause I never been to Satan, for hardcore administratin
Gangbang affiliatin; MC Ren'll have you 
wildin off a zone and a whole half a gallon
{Get to dialin..} 9 1 1 emergency
{And you can tell em..} It's my son he's hurtin me
{And he's a felon..} On parole for robbery
Ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin a G
I'm in the 6 you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly
You handle shit sloppily I drop a ki properly
They call me the Don Dada
Pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla
Even rottweilers, follow, the Impala
Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga I'm a scholar
The incredible, hetero-sexual, credible
Beg a hoe, let it go, dick ain't edible
Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit
while you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get?
Villain blows up yo' spot
Take yo' notebook yo' bitch and yo' glock
This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock
You slapped her ass that's alarmin
cause she want my Worm like Carmen
We chin check niggaz, them thin check niggaz
run trains on golddiggers beware these fo' niggaz
Scarin motherfuckers like Steven King flicks
Makin niggaz clear the room like a dyke flea a dick
Makin 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik
So when I bomb first nigga who you rollin with?
Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch
Cause you could lose it in a tussle nigga watch me hustle
Watch niggaz kiss my ass without flexin a muscle
Bitches - all in the back they knees waitin to buckle
Same time same channel don't change the dial
Niggaz4Life, fuckin your wife, these niggaz wild {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the muh'fuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
Did I fall off? Got you in your room 
rippin every "Chronic" poster on your wall off
Just cause I put away the sawed off
Now I got you sittin back with a smirk;
listenin with your arms crossed
Questionin Dre's credibility {What?}
Wondering if it's still in me to produce hits;
Y'all be killin me
As if I need to make mo' - I got a mansion 
and six cars that are paid fo' - suck my dick! {Hello..}
We came a long way from not givin a fuck
Sellin tapes out of a trunk to movin this far up
Now we got the whole world starstruck
Made a million plus and still don't give a motherfuck
Motherfucker I'm Dre - I don't need your respect
I don't need to make another album bitch I don't gotta do shit
I do it because I want to not to stay in the game
Fuck the fame, I'm still stayin the same, lil' bitch! {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..}
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes

###Ice Cube
###Smoke some weed

Ice Cube motherfucker
West coast motherfucker
George Bush, George Clinton, Bill Clinton
Chris Farley, Chris Rock, Bob Marley
Rick James, knew how to throw a party
"Smoke some weed!"
Snoop Dogg, all the way to Cheech & Chong
Cypress Hill, Robert Downey hit the bong
Ricky Williams, fuck how Miami feeling
"Smoke some weed!"
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggaz drinking
"Smoke some weed!"
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
"Smoke some weed!"
If you a baller, nigga I'm a hall of famer
Lion tamer, with two fo'-fifth flamers
Understand, that yo' life's in danger
Didn't your momma, tell you not to talk to strangers
Lil' nigga, I'm the Hillside Strangler
Have a banger, calling for the Lone Ranger
Most rappers, they wanna fuck sangers
I'm a nigga, that wanna bone T'Penga
G4, pull it up out the hanger
A lil' something, to fuel you niggaz anger
The swine, I'm your face rearranger
In a mansion cause Jesus born in a manger
Motherfucker, belong on Jerry Spranger
I'm a gangsta, up in your CD changer
I'll gank ya, for 20 bucks then I'll thank ya
Police, still get the middle fanger
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggaz drinking
"Smoke some weed!"
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
"Smoke some weed!"
Lil' niggaz, don't try this at home
Momma in the bathroom leave her ass alone
Cause she probably taking chronic straight to the dome
Go play you lil' fucker, stop being grown
Dave Chappelle, 50 million and a throne
With a big Zulu bitch, nigga getting blown
Watch your tone, if your wear Coppertone
Go back to Africa used to be a theme song
I'm in the zone, do anybody got a zone
I ain't your poppa, but daddy is a rolling stone
Youse a clone, who don't know the shit you on
Unless it's on, a motherfucking ringtone
I'm in a room with two bottles of Patron
You need a loan, to fuck with the Family Stone
Nigga go on, tell 'em Ice Cube is home
Gorilla niggaz, here come King Kong
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggaz drinking
"Smoke some weed!"
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
"Smoke some weed!"
Ice Cube motherfucker
West coast motherfucker
"Smoke some weed!"

###Ice Cube
###Hood Mentality

Fuck school nigga, I'ma be a dope dealer
I'ma be a killa, yep a urban guerrilla
I'ma stack scrilla, yeah buy me a villa
Sell a 5-0 to my auntie Priscilla
I don't give a fuck that she look like "Thriller"
Hit that shit one more time and fuck around and kill her
Cause I got the heart of a Pittsburgh Steeler
Black nigga draped in gold, with a nine milla
Love money, love jail, love that penitentiary mail
Love the way these niggaz smell, keep comin' back, can't you tell?
Love to see my mama cry, love to see my babies struggle
Love to see my woman juggle nuts 'cause she got to hustle
I don't give a fuck how my life go
Now I'm a slave man to this caveman without Geico
Everybody wanna call Michael a psycho
But he ain't never came through the hood with a rifle
Gunnin' niggaz down 'cause they don't got the right clothes
Hit the wrong person 'cause we shoot just like hoes
First I was blood thirsty, Mr.-Mr. Controversy
Now I wanna beg for mercy, should have took my ass to Berkeley
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
Fuck school nigga, if I grow a little taller
Everybody tell me I'm gon' do it, I'm gon' be a baller
So fuck that thinkin', fuck that thank and fuck them Lincoln's, I want Franklin's
Come back through here with my crew, I'm gon' have my own shoe
I'm gon' be that little fool comin' in your living room
Starting point guard nigga, fresh out of middle school
Either it's the NBA or it's the NFL
I don't know what else I can do to keep my ass up out of jail
I wanna be like Tiger Woods, swing that club, make you sick
(I wanna be like Pacman Jones), (I wanna be like Michael Vick)
I wanna be like Barry Bonds, (I wanna be like O.J. Simpson)
Leave this field, leave this prison, tell you motherfuckers where to kiss 'em
I wanna be all broke up, movin' all old and slow
I wanna be a alcoholic just like Broadway Joe
I wanna be a sideshow, kinda like Iron Mike
Used to have a few Bentleys, now I just ride a bike
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
Fuck school nigga, they ain't tryin' to educate me
All they give a fuck is what I memorized lately
I'm gon' have to teach myself, clock that money, get that wealth
I wanna be like Santa Claus, I don't wanna be no fuckin' elf
No kid left behind but he get the run-around
Can't you motherfuckers see that they tryin' to dumb us down?
Don't trust the government, President is for sale
He don't give a fuck about a nigga, just a oil well
Sell crack, go to jail, bust a rap, go to hell
Do I got to sell my soul if I wanna go to Yale?
Go kiss Oprah's ass if you wanna be Gail
I'd rather have my ass kissed up in Bloomingdale
You can go be a pimp, you can go be a hoe
But you only gon' get paid off what you know
If you don't know shit, then you can't work for me
Cause you read your first book in the penitentiary
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?

###Tupac
###No more pain

Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin' room
On the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy
My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin' you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggas I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come
Now fire when ready, stay watchin' our figure
Increase speed, make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggas that you run with, be on some dumb shit
Trickin' on hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick 
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin' you stupid bitches, vicious telekinesis
Am I reachin' your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I want to be a living legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin' game, with no more pain
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
Line up my adversaries, blast on sight
And fuck your boyfriend bitch, I want some ass tonight You know my steelo, Alize and Cristal, weed
Sure you heard of all the freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggas to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the, cops come runnin'
My Glock's spittin' rounds, niggas fallin' down clutchin' they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggas on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggas don't die
Can ya hear me?, laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin' no more pain
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (yeah nigga, no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain (what, what nigga)
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain (no pain nigga)
Let's go inside my astral plane (no pain)
Bury me that's what they all say
It's time to make a killin', sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say?, now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggas from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin' it ain't nothin' we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, Baptize the public
Now you all thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin' so watch the guns bust
You niggas'll bleed, fuckin' with me you'll be deceased
Never restin' in peace, nigga
With no more pain
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
Hahahahaha, yeah nigga, yeah! Hahahaha
No more pain
It's just like that nigga, like that yeah
No more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches
No more pain
Feel me nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me?
Fully automatic type shit
No more pain
Coward ass niggas, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain
Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin' that beat like that BEYATCH
In case you wonderin'
And jealous niggas, hahaha, see y'all niggas
Motherfuckin' niggas are shit
Hey
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
Westsiiiiiide! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know who you are, it's still Bad Boy Killa
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Fat motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggas, dancers turned fuckin' CEOs
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga, haha
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin' these motherfuckers choices
Niggas can roll with us, or they can be rolled up under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin' these niggas kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westsiiide!

###Tupac
###What'z Ya Phone Number

What's your phone number?
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waiting for the nymphos; that's the intro
Shook when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just 'cause I'm paid in the worst way? True!
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin', be real now
I got a room and a hard-on; still down?
Met you standing at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
Oh shit, baby is a dime piece, more than just fine
She's personally blessed from the gods
If I seen her right now, she could get me hard
Didn't want to talk to me, just to see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
'Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number?
Are you alone? Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone!
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun, but baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme
Take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind bet in a minute you'll find
It's time let the Outlawz play
What's ya phone number?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
Heh, get some pussy, hah, hah

###Tupac
###Toss it up

The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin war we got
My other Capo in this big ass, conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who he comin through right now, Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati
(Toss it up!)
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supllied yo' phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversatin, we relaxin, kickin back
Got you curious for Thug Passion, now picture that
Tongue kissin, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you movin in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweatin up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespectin when I tongue kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, gettin busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your, hips and glide
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got ya lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shakin back-breakin when we're tossin it up
In this baby, I like the way it's goin down
When all that is around, slip slide ride
Givin me love nice like
Female I like, what I wanna give all night
You and me alone everybody's gone toss it up
Baby let's, get it on!
I like the way you please me, babe
The sexy way you tease me, sugar
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me, I like the way you give it to me!
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Ohhh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm that want you lady
Ohhh, don't act so shady, baby your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thang, you make me wanna sang
Girl you make my bells rang, make them go ting-a-ling!
Now the man, I'm here again
Don't worry to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady lady
Your body the kind I like-ah
Big booty to the lung delight-ah
Bag it up yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me!!
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
Do you want me what's your phone number, I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin for paydays
No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plottin Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gon' run to?
Lookin for suckers cause you similar
Pretendin to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screamin Compton, but you can't return, you ain't heard
Brothers pissed cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, cause we Untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushin you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust, only time reveals -- toss it up!
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
Play on playa, play on
How can some non-players do a song about Compton
and then wanna do a player song?
How can non-players do it? (We not little kids, we not playin)
Tellin lies, who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touchin us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street boy
It's on
Toss it up, we took you on, and we took y'all beat
You know we beat you down, and we took y'all beat
Cause you wasn't rockin it right
Tired of suckers rockin it, toss it up, is how we did it
Yeah, toss it up now!

###Tupac
###I Wonder If Heaven Got A Ghetto

I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I was raised, the little young nigga doin bad shit
Talk much shit cause I never had shit
I could remember being whupped in class
And if I didn't pass mama whupped my ass
Was it my fault papa didn't plan it out
Broke out left me to be the man of the house
I couldn't take it, had to make a profit
Down the block, got a glock, and I clock grip
Makin G's was my mission
Movin enough of this shit to get my mama out the kitchen and
why must I sock a fella, just to live large like Rockefeller
First you didn't give a fuck, but you're learnin now
If you don't respect the town then we'll burn you down
God damn it's a motherfuckin riot
Black people only hate police so don't try it
If you're not from the town then don't pass through
Cause some O.G. fools might blast you
It ain't right but it's long overdue
We can't have peace til the niggaz get a piece too
I want G's so you label me a criminal
And if I die, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
Here on Earth, tell me what's a blick life worth
A bottle of juice is no excuse, the truth hurts
And even when you take the shit
Move counties get a lawyer you can shake the shit
Ask Rodney, LaTasha, and many more
It's been goin on for years, there's plenty more
When they ask me, when will the violence cease?
When your troops stop shootin niggaz down in the street
Niggaz had enough time to make a difference
Bear witness, own our own business
Word to God cause it's hard tryin to make ends meet
First we couldn't afford shit now everything's free
so we loot, please don't shoot when you see
I'm takin from the, cause for years they would take it from me
Now the tables have turned around
You didn't listen, until the niggaz burned it down
And now Bush can't stop the hit
Predicted the shit, in 2Pacalypse
And for once I was down with niggaz, felt good
in the hood bein around the niggaz, yeah
And for the first time everybody let go
And the streets is death row, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under I wonder what it take to make this 
one better place, let's erase the wait state
Take the evil out the people they'll be acting right
Cause both black and white are smokin crack tonight
And only time we deal is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And though it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready, to have a black President, huh
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with blacks
I wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth living should I blast myself
I'm tired of being poor and even worse I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a ne-gro
Pull a trigger kill a nigger he's a hero
Mo' nigga mo' nigga mo' niggaz
I'd rather be dead than a po' nigga
Let the Lord judge the criminals
If I die, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
Just think, if niggaz decide to retaliate
(Soldier in the house)
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto

###Tupac
###I Don't Give A Fuck

"What's up?"
"Yo this scene, rollers tried to jack a nigga 'cause a nigga with a pearl rollin' on a Coupé with goldens."
"Yo man, what's up, this riding motherfucker
Jack me at rollin' 'round bumping
'Cause music's too loud, you know what I'm sayin'?"
"Yo this P-O to the G-O
Motherfucking cop just jacked me 'cause I was drinking beer in Mill Valley."
"What's up, man?"
"Aight, man, fuck 'em."
I don't give a fuck
They done pushed me to my limit, I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
And now I'm in the back of the paddy wagon
While this cop's bragging about the nigga he's jackin'
I see no justice, all I see is niggas dying fast
The sound of a gun blast, then watch the hearse pass
Just another day in the life, G
Gotta step lightly, 'cause cops tried to snipe me
The cabs, they don't wanna stop for a brother, man
But damn near have an accident to pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my check 
I get more respect from the mothafucking dope man
The Grammy's and American Music shows
They pimp us like hoes, take our dough, but they hate us though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck trying to get with these crooked-ass hypocrites
The way they see it, we was meant to be kept down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me there'd be days like this
But I'm pissed, 'cause it stays like this
And now they're trying to ship me off to Kuwait?
Give me a break. How much shit can a nigga take?
I ain't going nowhere no how
Bush wanna throw down?
Better bring the gun, pal
'Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailing hay, I better spray with an AK
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger from the mothafuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
'Cause the clock's going tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a psychopath
But you sit and laugh before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who do you think? A mothafucking 90's nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up, I had enough!
Yeah, and i just don't give a fuck
Nigga, it ain't just the blacks
It's also a gang of motherfuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and they attitudes is shitty
So tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
They say we niggas like to do niggas
So me an' a cop are just two niggas
A street-walking nigga and a beat-walking nigga
With a badge, I end his future and his past
With a blast take his cash before I dash I bash his head in
Dump him at the dead end and that's just his luck
'Cause a nigga like P, don't really give a fuck
Walked in the store, what's everybody staring at?
They act like they never seen a motherfucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit – ain't this a bitch?
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business elsewhere – but where?
'Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need?
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if he knows that my income
Is more than his pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife-ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mack, in fact who's the black Jack?
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
While he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And count another quick mill'
I'm getting paid for my trade but I'm still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
As strong as a fucking nine
Mail stacked up, niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your blacks up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Used to come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers — stay strong, keep your heads up
They know we fed up; but they just don't give a fuck
They just don't give a fuck
I gotta give my fuck offs
Fuck you to the San Francisco police department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff's Department
Fuck you to the FBI
Fuck you to the CIA
Fuck you to the B-u-s-h
Fuck you to the Ameri-K-K-Ka
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice motherfuckers
That wanna fuck with me, fuck y'all!
Punk gay sensitive little dick bastards
2Pacalypse motherfuckerin' now
Y'all can all kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck y'all
Punks

###Tupac
###Point The Finga

"You could get the finger.. the middle!" 
"Come and get some!" 
Ahh yeah, they love to point the finger
"You could get the finger.. the middle!"
"Come and get some!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
I thought I hit rock bottom, they ban my album, point the finga
I guess nobody loves a real nigga-slash-rap singer
I thought I'd bring a little truth to the young troops
I brought proof that the niggas need guns too
It's not to be a racist, but let's face this:
wouldn't you if we could trade places?
I got lynched by some crooked cops, and to this day
them same motherfuckers on the beat getting major paid
But when I get my check they taking tax out
So, we paying for these pigs to knock the blacks out
Ain't that a bitch, some officers are getting rich
Whooping on thugs and robbing drug dealers for they shit
As far as jealousy, being a celebrity
No matter who committed the crime, they all yell at me
And the media is greedier than most
You could sell em your soul or they'll be on ya til a niggas ghost
And everyday I read the paper there's another lie
They show my picture for the crimes of another guy
Now how's that for the life of a big shot
A dead cop, a law suit, a little kid shot
I play them nuttin ass marks in the park
for trying to earn they stripes in the dark
Just cause I come there, don't mean I from there, peep:
only jealous motherfuckers beef, and point the finga
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger.. the middle!"
"Come and get some!"
As I run up on em madman, a nutcase with a screw loose
A zoot troupe full of foolies with toolies
Niggas run to me don't come to me with beef
Take your jewels and your jeep, boom boom! Let that ass sleep
It's getting hectic, niggas run, quick
Buckshots are the payback for dumb shit
All you niggas on the block trying to test me
Best wear a vest or get open like, sesame
I'll run up on you mad deep; while you're trying to sleep
I'm steady pumping bullets in your sheets
Wake up, motherfucker, don't stutter
Point blank by a nigga from the gutter, yeah!
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme, mine
Ban my rhymes, now I'm back to busting, nines
And bustaz can't get none, hell no
A quick flurry and he's buried with a swelled jaw
I came up from the amateurs to pro hits
at 5-0, so you know I take no shit
And everybody wants to kill a bringer
of bad news, so they choose, to point the finga
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
One two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I bring skills and I build, kill at will
Smoke sess til I'm ill, still feel me?
I say one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
Pick it up, pick it up, give it up
Best to duck or get fucked for your bucks
Scream one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I can't give up, it's a black thang
And I ain't going back to the crack game
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Bitches, let em point the finga
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Snitches, let em point the finga
Yo, one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I guess nobody loves a rap singer
That's why these motherfuckers.. (hahaha!) point the finga
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! The middle!

###Tupac
###Guess Who's Back

Guess who's back?
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
two minutes to bounce, and every second counts
Better press REC on your deck
Here we go, set? Pass the Moët
My trickery's more slippery when wet
Wicked as I flip, don't trip, get a grip
It'll kick, if the bass line's thick, it's a hit
Everybody's got a mic now, it's like a hobby
But more like a job, cause bootleggers tryin' to rob me!
And little man wants to be a rap, star
Make papes, hit skins, drive a fat car
It ain't easy, sleazy even
Deceivin those we believe in
No benefits, just tricks and chicks
Knock a pig to pick, so here's a stick to lick
I shoot a gift, til there ain't none left
And if I find that the track sound def
I catch wreck till I lose my breath
That's how it goes in the land of broke
I dispose of those, rock shows, and collect my dough
Now I suppose I'm the bad guy, why?
I say, "Hi," and try to stay high
Life's a mess don't stress, test... of givin
But be thankful that you're livin... blessed
Guess who's back, comin back with the track supplied
by Special Ed and Ak, comin right and exact
I'm fightin it back but now I snap, where they at?
When it's time to go to combat, guess who's back
"Yes I'm back" 
"2Pac is"... back!
"Yes I'm back" 
"2Pac is"... back!
"Yes I'm back" 
"2Pac is"... back!
"Yes I'm back" 
"2Pac is"... back!
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
one minute to bounce, and every second counts
I went from hustlin dicks to makin hits, bustin flicks
Now I'm sure to be rich for ninety-six
I pull my 'capes on tapes, and make, papes
Trace the bass, to the tape with the baddest bass to date
I try to shake it but the pace is hard to break
Good thoughts I wait, cause they hate my black tape
Yeah, it's on, and it's packed in the rap race
But if ya got a black face, it's a rat race
I struggle to be rugged and raw, Dukes
Tryin to survive in the trials and lawsuits
Everybody wants to test me, WHY ME?
No lie, niggas cried when they try me
Givin up the roughness, justice
I'mma bust as I'm rippin up 'nuff hits
And guess who's back? No longer trapped
Cause I snapped on the ones that held me back, feel the contact
Ride the track, get I grip as I flip
Ghetto wickedness I kick. Guess who's back?
"Yes I'm back" 
"2Pac is"... back!
"Yes I'm back"
"Yes I'm back, cause I never did front"

###Tupac
###I get around

Aw, yeah, I get around
Still clown with the Underground
When we come around
Stronger than ever
Back to get wreck, all respect
To those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
'Cause, oh, they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why your girl keeps pagin' me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me
She squeeze me—lady, take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me
I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayo, bust it, baby got a problem, saying "bye-bye"
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask "Why?", don't matter! My pockets got fatter
Now everybody's lookin' for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy, if you wanna see me
Dial the beeper number, baby, when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
But when you learn you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out: I get around
What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, ayo, Shock, let them hoes know!
Now you can tell from my everyday fits I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix
Tryin' to make a dollar out of 15 cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just 'cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby, I can see that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G: the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me; I get around
What's up, love? How you doin'?
Well, I've been hangin', sangin', tryin' to do my thang
Oh, you heard that I was bangin'
Your homegirl you went to school with?
That's cool, but did she tell you about her sister?
And your cousin thought I wasn't
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low
Long as you know that I get around
What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, ayo, Shock, let them hoes know!
Finger tips on the hips as I dip
Gotta get a tight grip, don't slip; loose lips sink ships
It's a trip, I love the way she licks her lips, see me jockin'
Put a little twist in her hips 'cause I'm watchin'
Conversations on the phone 'til the break of dawn
Now we're all alone: why the lights on?
Turn them off! Time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Somethin' is on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well, if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweatin' me?
It's a lot of real G's doin' time
'Cause a groupie bent the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy, baby, if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
'Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clowned, baby doll, are you down? I get around

###Tupac
###So many tears

I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears
If I should die before I wake
Please God walk with me
Grab a nigga and take me to Heaven
Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dying breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
Until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me
I'm not living in the past, you wanna last?
Be the first to blast Remember Kato
No longer with us; he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets, now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears
I! I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
Lord! I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Now that I'm struggling in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world cause I'm cursed, I'm having visions
Of leaving here in a hearse, God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure and all the pain
Show me some happiness again, I'm going blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't living well
I know my destiny is Hell. Where did I fail?
My life is in denial and when I die
Baptized in eternal fire, shed so many tears
Lord! I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
Lord! I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step, to bring me closer
To embrace an early death, now there's nothing left
There was no mercy on the streets, I couldn't rest
I'm barely standing, bout to go to pieces, screamin' peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons trying to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparking the flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Painting a picture of my enemies killing me, in my sleep
Will I survive 'til the mornin' to see the sun
Please Lord forgive me for my sins, cause here I come
Lord! (God!), I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
God! I lost so many peers
And Lord knows I tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drive-bys takin' lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, getting high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future bright for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to getting crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wanting babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearing noises, think she's fuckin' all my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin' to the floor; beggin' for the Lord to let me in
To Heaven's door -- shed so many tears
Lord! lost so many peers, and shed so many tears...
I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears...
Lord! I suffered many years, and shed so many tears...
God! I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

###Tupac
###Can U Get Away

Whassup? It's 2Pac. Can you get away?
Let me come swoop you up
(You know I got a man)
I know you got a man, but he ain't gon' mind if I take you out
(Of course he gon' mind)
Let me take you to lunch, I'll have you back before he even get home, before anybody see
(I can't, he ain't gon' let me
Aww c'mon! Please...
(Nah)
Oh aight – what's wrong with your eye?
Why you got on glasses?
Ever since I met ya I could peep the pressure
It's like your man don't understand, all he does is stress ya
I can see your state of misery from the introduction
Ain't 'bout no suckin' and touchin', just harmless discussion
Maybe we can see a better way, find a brighter day
Late night phone conversations – would that be OK?
I don't wanna take up all your time, be the next in line
Tell me your size, let me find you things with you in mind
I can see you're cautious and I'm careful not to scare you
The anticipation of love makin'
Got you shakin' when I'm standin' near you
News of precision will prepare ya
In case you get scared, just ask the man in the mirror
Now the picture's gettin' clearer
All he does is hit you hard
I tell you to leave him, and you tell me keep my faith in God
I don't understand, I just wanna bring ya home
I wonder should I leave you alone
And find a woman of my own
All the homies tell me that you don't deserve it
I contemplate – but in my heart I know you worth it
Tell me, can you get away?
Ebony, can you get away?
C'mon… Let's go… Can you get away?
Can you get away?
So much pressure in the air (I know, I know)
And I can't get away (Just for a little while love)
I'm not happy here (I know it's hard but, can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air
(Let's go man, get up outta there, can you get away?)
And I can't get away (Do you love him?)
I'm not happy here (Do you love that man?)
Could it be my destiny to be lonely?
Ain't checkin' for these hoochies that be on me
'Cause they phony
But you was different, I got no need to be suspicious
'Cause I can tell, my life with you would be delicious
The way you lick your lips and shake your hips got me addicted
I'm sittin' here hopin' that we can find some way to kick it
Even though I got your digits, gotta struggle to resist it
Slowly advance when it's my chance not to miss it
You blow me kisses when he ain't lookin'
Now your heart's tooken
My only wish is that you change your mind and he get shook
Wanna take you there but you scared to follow
Come see tomorrow
Hopin' I can take you through the pain and sorrow
Let you know I care – that someone's there for your struggle
Depend on me, when you have needs or there's trouble
I wanna give you happiness and maybe even more
I told you before, no time to waste
We can hook up at the store. Can you get away?
So much pressure in the air (I know it is)
And I can't get away (Yeah, you can)
I'm not happy here (You ain't happy, huh? Can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (I know… is he beatin' on you?)
And I can't get away (Did he punch you?)
I'm not happy here (Throwin' you around the house?)
I sit here reminiscin' and I hope you listenin'
In the position to pressure and offer competition
Me and you was meant to be my destiny, no longer lonely
'Cause now it's on for you and me, all I can see
A happy home – that's my fantasy
But my reality is problems with your man and me
What can I do? Don't wanna lose you to this sucker
'Cause if he touch ya, I got some drama for that busta
Don't wanna rush ya, but make your mind up fast
Nobody knows, on who controls will it last?
Before I ask, I hope you see that I'm sincere
And even if you stay with him today I'm still here
I refuse to give up, 'cause I believe in what we share
You're livin' in prison and what he's givin' can't compare
'Cause everything I feel for you I wanna let you know
Passionately yours and I'll never let you go
Tell me, can you get away?
So much pressure in the air (Can't get away why?)
And I can't get away
I'm not happy here
(Let me take you away, all I wanna know, can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (Man)
And I can't get away (Course you can get away)
I'm not happy here
(If you really wanted to get away, you could get away)
You ain't got to go through all this drama and this stress
With this old half a man, ya know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't tryin' to put you in a position
Where you gotta give up your lifestyle for everything
You need, but now… he ain't even takin' care of you
He beatin' on you and shit; look how you look!
You too motherfuckin' raw to be with that nigga
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
Shake that sucker to the left
Let me show you what this life is really about
Ya know what I'm sayin'? You need to be on first class
Need to be goin' to Hawaii, seein' the world
Seein' what this world got to offer you
Not goin' to, ya know what I'm sayin'?
The emergency room, gettin' stitches
'Cause this nigga done got jealous. Don't cry, it's all good
Can you take me from here?
Shake that man, get away
Can you take me from here?
I'ahhhhhm unhappy here
And I need you to show me love
Because it's so much pressure now
And I need to get awayyyheyyyeahhh

###Xzibit
###Eyes may shine

Yeah yeah
Look, you could've got away but your response wasn't quick enough
Can't preserve life 'cause the best wasn't thick enough
Teflon, Napalm, Homicide scenes
These are a few of my favorite things!
But I ain't Mary so ain't a damn thing poppin
Only death disease and a whole lota palm trees
Not only for mics, Xzibit is a way of life
Until my death so I celebrate success
Best of the best wouldn't test these waters with a yacht
Sendin' sixteen shots across your parking lot
All up on your proximity drinking Hennessy
Holdin down ground like the Statute of Liberty
So nobody ever can rush my spot
And the torch stay lit so I ain't worried about shit
It ain't where your from it's al about how you represent!
Unfamiliar faces better know who your fuckin' with
Eyes may shine, Teeth may grit
And all of that shit
And you still won't step
So what's next?
All of a sudden you ain't sayin nothin
(You Better off buckin yourself)
(You need to stop frontin)
Eyes may shine, Teeth may grit
And all of that shit
And you still won't step
So what's next?
All of a sudden you ain't sayin nothin
(You Better off buckin yourself)
(You need to stop frontin)
I'm only comin' through when it's time for collection
Xzibit forever nasty, spread like infection
Ain't no protection ever made by man to withstand this punishment
In other words runnin' shit
Keep your eyes wide cause the style gets darker
I make papers and see more new cars than Bob barker
'Cause if the price ain't right then it's time to take flight
Let the piece go twice to make sure you see the light
Plus I'm dreaded not by the locks but by the cops
And flocks of females that only think with their croth
Unlimitted smoke
The bonified cut throat Columbian neck tie
Now don't you look fly
I'll leave you there to be discovered by your mother
Or maybe your brother or your boty boy lover
No matter your backround Xzibit never backs down
Be prepared for static and semi automatics in your grill
Eyes may shine, Teeth may grit
And all of that shit
And you still won't step
So what's next?
All of a sudden you ain't sayin nothin
(You Better off buckin yourself)
(You need to stop frontin)
Eyes may shine, Teeth may grit
And all of that shit
And you still won't step
So what's next?
All of a sudden you ain't sayin nothin
(You Better off buckin yourself)
(You need to stop frontin)
Everything that come around go 3.6.0.
Longtitude and latitude 
It's alll in the attitude
I'm in the mood to put a twist on things
Xzibit here to rock the planet 'till the fat bitch sings
The shit is closer than you think
Don't blink it might be over in a matter of seconds
I'd like to say this off the record
But it's not
So I testify to the fact
Chronic mixed with the Yak make a hellified contact
It makes it real easy to trip
Unload the whole clip on your block then split!
Aint no answers to the test you taken
Never move fakin' 
Can't be shaken'
From my solid foundation like this
Eyes may shine, Teeth may grit
And all of that shit
And you still won't step
So what's next?
All of a sudden you ain't sayin nothin
(You Better off buckin yourself)
(You need to stop frontin)
Eyes may shine, Teeth may grit
And all of that shit
And you still won't step
So what's next?
All of a sudden you ain't sayin nothin
(You Better off buckin yourself)
(You need to stop frontin)

###Xzibit
###Carry the weight

I really wish I could you know at twenty-one 
youknowhatI'msayin',he he, yo yo
(I'ma tell you exactly why I do the things
I do, youknowhatI'm sayin')
Gotta carry the weight youknowhatI'msayin'
Go ahead 
Yeah! I break it down like this
You see I don't like to remenisce about the past
The lower class, no clout livin' hand to mouth
Each and every wrong move the police keep count
make it real fuckin' easy to get streched out
I was at the funeral when it all began
You know the painful transition from a boy to men
I lost sight of my mother at the age of nine
didn't understand death nearly lost my mind
But see life moves on and broke niggas can't change it
Age ten, new step family arrangement 
at thirteen, I started gettin' hair on my dick
And noticed me and my sister were gettin' treated like shit
I would forever be hit with anything in reach 
Then my father would proceed to go to church and preach
about forgiveness, patience all the shit that he lacked
Gettin' jump when he said and the head gat cracked
physical contact was in form of a slap
at the age of fifteen Xzibit now hit back
courtesy of my stepbrother, who taught me to scrap
Left the bitch on the ground with her eyes on black
Ran away from the house of Teresa and Nate
Into juvenile detention where I built up hate
I don't remember the date of the judical debate
but legally I was now in custody of the state
And niggas wonder why I sit up in the club and drink
Say what's up to Xzibit and I still don't speak
I'm trying to contemplate the next move to make
Gotta find some way to release this hate
And niggas wonder why I sit up in the club and drink
Say what's up to Xzibit and I still don't speak
I'm trying to contemplate the next move to make
Gotta find some way Xzibit carry the weight
(Yeah it's fucked up though man)
(YouknowhatI'msayin')
Yo
(The fuck you doin' in jail)
Insane man, I don't know man, he he he
(Yeah wats goin' on down there, gotta get out dude)
Yeah I be out in couple of weeks man
YouknowI'msayin'
(It's popin' man)
It's cool yo fuck that
(It's popin' out here)
They can go on and on for that
(I'm tellin' you it's popin' man come home)
And that was worse then the treatment I was gettin' at home
but only now I was fucked up plus all alone
My father talkin' all crazy to me over the phone
Turned age sixteen now on my own
Started running with cats who carried gats cause they had too
with no hesitation lock load then blast you
Without a hastle we in a town of hicks 
fuckin' all these chicks
Sellin' rock by the bricks 
so we feelin' like we mothafuckin' Nino Brown
At the house when the mothafuckin' man touched down
Screamin' demands "Let me see your goddamn hands (now)"
A.T.F. cause of handguns and contraban 
we never kept it in the house
So of course we clounded 
Only found one pistol took us all down town
We be out by the end of the afternoon
gettin' drunk on the strip let the system BOOM!
Who would assume Mr. QK would chill with a wife
Ty and Matt caught bodies
Now they spend there life behind bars
catchin' scars that will not heal 
niggas don't know the half about keepin' it real
And niggas wonder why I sit up in the club and drink
Say what's up to Xzibit and I still don't speak
I'm trying to contemplate the next move to make
Gotta find some way to release this hate
And niggas wonder why I sit up in the club and drink
Say what's up to Xzibit and I still don't speak
I'm trying to contemplate the next move to make
Gotta find some way Xzibit carry the weight
(Yeah it's fucked up though man)
(YouknowhatI'msayin')
Yo
(The fuck you doin' in jail)
Insane man, I don't know man, he he he
(Yeah wats goin' on down there, gotta get out dude)
Yeah I be out in couple of weeks man
YouknowI'msayin'
(It's popin' man)
It's cool yo fuck that
(It's popin' out here)
They can go on and on for that
(I'm tellin' you it's popin' man come home)
And niggas wonder why I sit up in the club and drink
Say what's up to Xzibit and I still don't speak
I'm trying to contemplate the next move to make
Gotta find some way to release this hate
And niggas wonder why I sit up in the club and drink
Say what's up to Xzibit and I still don't speak
I'm trying to contemplate the next move to make
Gotta find some way Xzibit carry the weight
Like this
Like this, like that
Yeah! gotta carry the weight
Like this euh!
Bringin live
Yeah! yeah! like this 
It's Xzibit 
Gotta carry the weight
Like that yo!
Like that yo!

###Xzibit
###Defari herut

Yeah, uh, what, worldwide
Yeah, Im forever, ever lastin, spread the wealth
Procrastination like masturbation, your fuckin yourself
So we gonna move on em quickly (what) 
No chance to think about coming back
Chain smoke em, turn they lungs black
See I was raised to love black, but sometimes
Black folks wanna sweat you harder than the one-time
Never participate in dumb, def and blind shit
Plus I got my little man, so daily I'm reminded
The ride only gets rougher (right)
But I'll be damned if me and my niggas suffer
Smuggle this motherucker with the raw shit, I'm blessed wit
Lookin at the world, burned for the young and the desperate
Showed heart, but got cardiac arrested
More than a nigga with an image and a press kit
The wreck hits, creates desert land, desolate
The whole intent to rock the shit, keep the herb lit
Handle your business before your business handles you
Mister X to the Z (and Defari Herut), one two
(Remain true, regardless what we go through)
Yeah, handle your business so you can stand on your on two
Handle your business before your business handles you
Mister X to the Z (and Defari Herut), one two
(Remain true, regardless what we go through)
Yeah, handle your business so you can stand on your on two
Everyday I puts in down in LA, hustle in this
Assassin lyricist, serious, muscle in this
I call the bets, I know we got coordinates on more games to wreck
We blaze shows, never no Half Step
Tactics, B-Boys, no games no antics
No false images, no bullshit semantics
We planned this, for hundred of thousands
Reignin/Rainin on they brains with lyrics, from the mountains
Don't contemplate what you can't even demostrate
Defari lottery draftpick, never the second rate
Nigga who wanna hate but front like its all great
I gots no time for these emotional niggas, I gots to motivate
Moves to make, best rhyme straight
That's for the old school, this here's our year, it's time to elevate
Handle this, don't hesitate got money to make
Push maximum levels from the Golden State
Handle your business before your business handles you
Mister X to the Z (and Defari Herut), one two
(Remain true, regardless what we go through)
Yeah, handle your business so you can stand on your on two
Handle your business before your business handles you
Mister X to the Z (and Defari Herut), one two
(Remain true, regardless what we go through)
Yeah, handle your business so you can stand on your on two
This combination's high calibre
Hatians stay amazed and confused like this was algebra
I'm scoutin the, best land for property
Never sloppily, picture someone stoppin me
From gettin mine, line after line
And you wonder why I call these fake niggas Miller
they think they Genuine; I'm startin to shine, imported Italian
With a custom made Herut charm as my medallion
Seem like, I recite the same prayer every night
Watch my folks, make sure my dogs stay tight
And fully prepared to gunfight in broad daylight
Till then, lick it to the chin, let it begin
We could break bread or break skin; and watch me send it
Try not to break the law, sometimes I gotta bend it
And my directions, suggest for your own protection
You motherfuckers keep it movin like an intersection
Handle your business before your business handles you
Mister X to the Z (and Defari Herut), one two
(Remain true, regardless what we go through)
Yeah, handle your business so you can stand on your on two
Handle your business before your business handles you
Mister X to the Z (and Defari Herut), one two
(Remain true, regardless what we go through)
Yeah, handle your business so you can stand on your on two
Serious business [*scratched in background*]
Fuck you, like that Mr. X to the Z, Defari Herut. Yeah, yeah right?
Fuck you, like that Mr. X to the Z, Defari Herut. Yeah, yeah right?
Fuck you, like that Mr. X to the Z, Defari Herut. Yeah, yeah right?
What, keep it movin like this y'all

###Xzibit
###Los Angeles Times

At this time, please extinguish all smoking materials
Return all seat backs, and tray tables
to their most upright, and long position
Also at this time please take care to fasten your seatbelt
Enjoy your stay, welcome to L.A.
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Sex power and wealth, fuck everything else
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Trying to survive, Los Angeles Times
MC's get fucked up, chopped like Braveheart
Don't start what you can't finish, serious bidness
Down La Seneca to bust a left on Venice
where you can find me and mines -- Los Angeles Times
Welcome to L.A.
Where every other day I'm taking the hat off my head
Givin respect to the dead, and avoid havin the same thing
said about me, Xzibit stand underground
like the roots of a tree, watered three times a day
Forty ounce Olde E, like a magnifying glass
making it easier to see, the Mister X to the Z
Don't peak, L.A., why test without vest-es
stop lead projectile, Apocalypse Now
Love Allah not new car, faggot, superstar
type of cat, fuck that, mash away in a
diamond-white Concourse 'Llac
Still black so the one-time react as if under attack
Ain't nothin changed but district range, feel no pain
Mr. Big Bad Insane Black John McClane with
liquor on the brain, down to earth like dirt
From the city where niggaz known for puttin in work
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Sex power and wealth, fuck everything else
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Trying to survive, Los Angeles Times
Welcome to L.A.
If hand determine dick size, I'm palmin the Earth
Select turf, then plant bad seed and give birth
And make the hard work look easy fuh sheezee
Leavin you and your best man, stiffer than mannequins
Enough to break the skin on a Vietnam leatherneck
Marine drill sargeant, you nothin but a target (pow!)
Charge it to the game, gotta look beyond the brand name
Comin from the guts like I slammed down twenty cups
of Hennesey straight, relate feel my hate
Xzibit flippin through these bitches like DJ trait
Translate to left field, only real niggaz follow
Bitches suck and swallow, I'm livin life behind the bottle
Never the role model, still shinin like a new automobile
Flow six-fo', you can't steal
cause I got a kill switch with a itch for the action
While other rappers use mass weapons of destruction
to sell they shit
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Sex power and wealth, fuck everything else
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Trying to survive, Los Angeles Times
El ve-te-rano, you can only pray to learn what I know
Ride slow across the horizon a lone desperado
Comin through the door bringin nothin but hits
Sometimes I feel like a matador, lookin at this bullshit
Niggaz pull rent from the crack of they ass
Maintain do your thang this too shall pass
I season beef with lead pieces then cook it with gas
I'm from the school of hard knocks way ahead in the class
Xzibit hard to get through, like bulletproof glass
Break it down like Johnny Cochran then mix it with hash
Your defense can't last against advanced prosecution
Hit the airwaves like pollution -- hey, here's a solution
Take a trip to Washington then burn the Constitution
Top government officials locked down for prostitution
Recruitin the hard rocks mean streets keep producin
The world is a riot shit is mine for the lootin
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Sex power and wealth, fuck everything else
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Trying to survive, Los Angeles Times
Everyone's got to make a living
Everyone's got to make a living
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Sex power and wealth, fuck everything else
Welcome to L.A.
Where you can see the whole city burning
Cause the cops got uzis and the dealers keep serving
and your kids ain't learning shit, except this
Trying to survive, Los Angeles Times
Enjoy your stay, welcome to L.A.

###Xzibit
###Kenny Parker Show 2001

You are now tuned in to the ultimate sounds.. of Dr. Dre
You know what time it is! 
Xzibit steps up to the mic
layin down the hard-core, real raw, underground
My name is KRS-One, and it's REAL!!
Well it's me, down with D-R-E
X to the Z rocks any party
Rocks the beats, and the breaks
Rocks the cocks off the whores in the place
Cause suckers shake, while I'm creatin
They get together and they start to hatin
How can we take him out one time
cause he brought back the West with the freshest rhymes
I might go first, and he'll go second
I'll wreck 'em, deck 'em, set it, just checkin your mic
Droppin hot shit I like
So throw up your hands bitch, run your ice
Cause I'll go third, and he'll go fourth
By the fifth eat shit, you'll step off
Six is your beatdown, your title is seven
Takin out your four man crew makes eleven
By the twelveth I go for self
Rockin L.A. like no one else..
You can check any rapper from the underground scene
but few have dropped hot shit and seen green
Some have dope twelve inches, count 'em
But not many niggaz have slammin albums
X to the Z rocks consistantly
I'm "Criminal Minded" so don't fuck with me
Why? Well that's my secret baby
I don't take shit, so fuck you, pay me
So you can call me, a public servant
Not a king but a teacher I believe I've earned it
So I just walk, or ride my bike
and bust on the +Up In Smoke+ stage tonight
Give me a chance and I'll rock the house
But let a motherfucker try to take me out
Cause male or female, I will strangle
If it's a label, they have to untangle
Adidas, chains, jerseys, braids
Bandanas hangin off the end of my gauge
Step right up if that's what you like
but watch your bitch, I catch hoes like a dyke
In the night at a height right for flight
Way out of sight, you bite, I recite
My chain shine bright, plus my kicks stay white
as your faggot CEO say, "Well alright!"
.. I am your mentor
History is mine, it's time you surrender motherfuckers
and just back up quickly
Your style is sickly but you persist to get me
or outwit me with the style that I created
years ago when I was sellin powder to the hoes
Oh, all of a sudden you don't know
or can't remember can't recall can't bring to mind
that rhyme that place do not chase
I run a marathon a race of rhymes in your FACE
In case you hate I won't write no tough rap
Fuck with me get your whole FAMILY kidnapped
Yo Xzibit! Show these motherfuckers man!
I don't think they understand this shit!
Break this shit over they backs!
I don't dress up to rap or keep a hairdo
I only grab a nine to bust holes in your crew
I deny your existence as artists
You puttin out a record expectin to chart but it's weak
but when you speak through the microphone
you fail to realize, nope, you're not alone on the earth
The light comes forth cause Mr. X
Intelligence, smoke and guns manifest in the flesh
I snatch the mic and get hype
Behave, before you make the news front page
Headed for the grave and the wake
So save your microscopic miniature small talk and WALK
And put a little pep in your step
X to the Z will destroy any motherfuckin rep-utation
in the nation, in creation
All you assholes in ANY occupation
Like rappers with nothin to say
I CRUSH 'EM like chronic and then smoke 'em with Dre
Cause no matter how fatter the wallet, I'd rather
gather together and splatter
whatever egotistic bullshit, the game is over
when you push the record but don't push the culture
Breakin, emceein, graffiti art, deejayin, beatboxin
Yo Xzibit, keep rockin!
Just throw your hands in the sky
Still believe real niggaz never die
And if you in this life just gettin by
Somebody say, "I'm high!"
(I'm high!) "I'm high!"
(I'm high!) Yeah, and you don't stop
Yeah..
Woop woop, woop, woop woop!
You know what time it is
Pull over, all wack emcees, AHH-AHHH!
Yo.. YO! You are tuned in.. to the ultimate..
underground.. rawness! Straight off the street
Xzibit, turn it up..

###Xzibit
###Best of Things

I was voted most likely to have a psychiatric evaluation
Let's start the process of elimination
This dedication is for niggaz with the green buddha
The bandula, six-shooter to your suit coolers
Now how this feel? Cold black steel up in your grill
This hollow point lead gon' be your last meal
Say your prayers, say your graces
Pieces of your face is found in a hundred different places
Huh, so what we lookin like? We tryin to see some hoes to fuck tonight
and you just tryin to see the afterlife
Make a decision before we have a head-on collision
makin me spend the rest of my life in prison
See I can only play the cards I was given
Multiplication division whatever you got to break mines off
like the U.S. government did to Microsoft
Like Xzibit in some pussy with the lights turned off
It's like
I'm just livin to fulfill my dreams
I'm just tryin to have the best of things
None of y'all can't take shit from me
Life's a bitch she ain't fuckin for free
So I'ma ride til the wheels fall off
while all the rest get weak and go soft
Your petite style, can get you beat down
My heat's loud, have you huggin on the street now
Niggaz keep askin me how does it feel
How does WHAT feel? Not havin to scrape for a meal?
Not bein locked down to a fucked up deal?
The biggest man in Los Angeles is not Shaquille
We had to reinvent the wheel, draft new blueprints
Made a whole album, spent HALF what you spent
then sent the rest to my people to invest wit it
Custom fitted, if you want it nigga, come and get it
and I suggest you bring a million niggaz runnin wit it
Split it, feel it, hit it it's hot, look
I ain't gon' stop til everybody's shot
Muammar Khadaf's the dot, X mark the spot
with an infrared to your head, left for dead
Fuck the feds, flee the country then grow some dreads (ya mon)
I suggest you keep your distance, for instance, the same distance
it takes to get to the next solar system, motherfucker
I'm just livin to fulfill my dreams
I'm just tryin to have the best of things
None of y'all can't take shit from me
Life's a bitch she ain't fuckin for free
So I'ma ride til the wheels fall off
while all the rest get weak and go soft
Your petite style, can get you beat down
My heat's loud, have you huggin on the street now
Strike one, when a nigga talkin shit with his hands
Strike two, gettin caught in the wrong place with your pants down
Strike three, tryin to fuck with the D-O-double-G
D-R-E, or any of my Alkaholik family
Huh, Xzibit turn your vital signs to a straight line
Never seen a dog bite and bark at the same time
Restless, rugged, never relaxed
Permanently owe you motherfuckers backs like tax
Baseball bats and breaks upside of your head
Homey STILL gettin swoll off water and bread
I got this, retaliation, for any situation I'm facin
and leave the stage with a standin ovation, it's like
I'm just livin to fulfill my dreams
I'm just tryin to have the best of things
None of y'all can't take shit from me
Life's a bitch she ain't fuckin for free
So I'ma ride til the wheels fall off
while all the rest get weak and go soft
Your petite style, can get you beat down
My heat's loud, have you huggin on the street now

###Xzibit
###Break Yourself

Last but not least we off the leash
The Art of War reach for your masterpiece
Feel the release from the phantom bangs you
Snatched off put you in a frame and hang you
Comin at you niggas from a different angle
Arch Angel choke hold and strangled
Kay Slay the game turn the tables
Get cables, I'm Kane you Abel
Start bullshit, conflicts, labels
Man handled, murder, mangled
Life support cut short we hold court
In the street make a nigga sleep six feet deep
Fuck piece bare back doggystyle
Cement ya feet and hold ya down
Throw you off the bridge and watch you drown
Last one to laugh its over now
We'll trade ya six and pancake ya loan
Break ya bitch and take ya doe
Shake ya Crys and take it whoa
Layin down the whole dance floor
(Break yourself right now)
Open bar free drinks this way
Walkin the West, possin the South
Coke can put these in ya mouth
Hands up jack the whole crowd
(Break yourself right now)
Break crash from ya ass so don't rush to bust
Bitches die, cry, and lust for us
Damn it feel good to be platinum plus
Don't fuck wit us cuzz we dangerous
Hold fans like fiends on Angel Dust
Clean get aways I get out the cuffs
Cuss like a sailor you fuckin fucks
I done hand it hard to keep in touch
Don't pop the Crys I pop the clutch
Pop one to ya mouth cuzz you talk too much
Way in over ya head you get played
Left holdin the bag like John Forte
Built for this all work no play here to stay
The rest get blown away
Built for this all work no play here to stay
The rest get blown away
C'mon
We'll trade ya six and pancake ya loan
Break ya bitch and take ya doe
Shake ya Crys and take it whoa
Layin down the whole dance floor
(Break yourself right now)
Open bar free drinks this way
Walkin the West, possin the South
Coke can put these in ya mouth
Hands up jack the whole crowd
(Break yourself right now)
Neva seen heard felt befo
Wanna rumble wit us just start the show
Fill up the chamber let me go
Out of town before the shells hit the floor
Duck tape ski mask professional
Fuck y'all, y'all homosexual
Hangin on my dick like testicle
Pop you disappear, "Where did he go?"
Pop up some where in Mexico
Rotate relate respect the flow
Hospital bed you vegetable
Can't walk can't talk lettin you know
We hit the hardest ask ya ho, at my show
Seen her in the front row
To the back stage in there she blow
There she blew
Then send her back to you (hello)
We'll trade ya six and pancake ya loan
Break ya bitch and take ya doe
Shake ya Crys and take it whoa
Layin down the whole dance floor
(Break yourself right now)
Open bar free drinks this way
Walkin the West, possin the South
Coke can put these in ya mouth
Hands up jack the whole crowd
(Break yourself right now)
We'll trade ya six and pancake ya loan
Break ya bitch and take ya doe
Shake ya Crys and take it whoa
Layin down the whole dance floor
(Break yourself right now)
Open bar free drinks this way
Walkin the West, possin the South
Coke can put these in ya mouth
Hands up jack the whole crowd
(Break yourself right now)
We'll trade ya six and pancake ya loan
Break ya bitch and take ya doe
Shake ya Crys and take it whoa
Layin down the whole dance floor
(Break yourself right now)
Open bar free drinks this way
Walkin the West, possin the South
Coke can put these in ya mouth
Hands up jack the whole crowd
(Break yourself right now)

###Xzibit
###BK To LA

Yeah! AOWWW, AOWWW!
C'mon! Yeah, yeahhh (yeah) yeahhh, yeahhh
M.O.P.! Uhh (X to the Z)
Yeah baby, that's right, you know how we do it
One time, X, where you at my nigga?
FIYAHHHH!!!!
I spread the hate, like Taliban records and tapes
Shoot five times to the sky, gimme some space
I got y'all, runnin in place, cut to the heart of the subject
(MASH OUT NIGGAZ!) Straight from the gutter you love it
Ain't nothin above it, we stomp y'all religiously
Watchin paper thugs tryin to hide behind the industry
From here to infinity, love thy enemy
Niggaz got the knowledge but don't know the chemistry
All inside your baseball hat and kneecaps
with baseball bats ('TIL FAME HIT YOU WITH THE MINI-MAC)
Full body black fatigues, lungs black from weed
In black limo tinted SUV's with Bill
STILL (still) WORLD (world) FAMOUS
The underdogs of rap, back to claim this, the fact remain we're
heartless and painless, it's dangerous to strangers
that try to change us, knowin we're anxious to flame 'em
Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you
We cockin them thangs
Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you
We ready to bang
Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you?
Watch where you aim
Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga
Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you
We cockin them thangs
Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you
We ready to bang
Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you?
Watch where you aim
Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga
You must wanna throw the towel in holmes, it's your man B.D.
From N.Y.C., the N.Y.G. (IT'S)
M.O.P., and X to the Z
is a friend of our family (YEAH MY NIGGA)
For you, counterfeit, wannabe hardcore players
I rub you under your face with single-edged razors
Cold street INTELLIGENCE, O.G.'s and REBEL MEN
Grip quick, cock squeeze and LEVEL MEN to SETTLE IT
(From L.A. to) B.K., from B.K. to (L.A.)
Persistant and insistant on doin it our way
Do you really wanna fuck with Danze? (c'mon)
When he comin with them thugs in the van
Double clutch in his hands, my nigga
Make the world flame! Face the Fame-ster, part, Fame-ster
Y'all niggaz akin to God and gangsters
(YOU SEE IT!) It's the M dot, to the O dot, to the P
With X to the Z hot, what's happenin?
Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you
We cockin them thangs
Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you
We ready to bang
Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you?
Watch where you aim
Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga
Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you
We cockin them thangs
Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you
We ready to bang
Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you?
Watch where you aim
Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga
Hunt down, hurt, hang and hate the hater
Watch how you rise, fall and thank me later
Look in my eyes, I should not have to say it
Look alive, these streets is complicated
AOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
You got problems with us? Start poppin
I get in yo' chest like anthrax, vaccine couldn't stop it
Let's move on 'em (aoww) must move on 'em
Rush in, gun-bustin, black seven plus tools on 'em
Never snooze on 'em, I'm short, haven't got room for 'em
I send you to God with no shoes
CLUELESS! Real G's run this, we rule this
If you wanna get into some gangsta shit, let's do this
(YES SIR!) No question, no half-steppin
Streets is my profession, heat in my posession
Hollow-tips is the answer; look around you see the signs
say "NO SMOKIN" but our guns got cancer!
Yeah cause I'm not (I'm not) what you thought I was
Like my career was gon' fade like a fuckin buzz
Raise the stakes high, I solidify
the grip that I keep on shit, GET OFF MY DICK!
Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you
We cockin them thangs
Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you
We ready to bang
Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you?
Watch where you aim
Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga
Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you
We cockin them thangs
Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you
We ready to bang
Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you?
Watch where you aim
Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga

###Xzibit
###Criminal Set

"Outside the South Central area, few cared about the violence
because - it didn't affect them."
"Break 'em off somethin"
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Don't trip you might break your neck {"break 'em off somethin"}
And get wet from the reign of the tec, I {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Your gum bumpin gon' lead to gun bumpin {"break 'em off somethin"}
I'm the one when the party is jumpin to {"break 'em off somethin"}
I heard the O.G.'s they don't hit
And I'm the only one left from the West that you can't fuck with
But lately I've been feelin like Will Smith
Why bother with rap when I can get 20 mill' on a flick?
Y'all niggaz just started some shit, the underdog
Makin songs for them hogs, and them Bloods and Crips
For the shah by the mall with a Muslim scent
After all, who do you call to rock your shit? {"break 'em off somethin"}
Bust the ghetto bird, circle above, reminisce
of the dust kicked up, the dirt swept under the rug
Duct tape, ski-mask, tape recorders
Cue Kaze, ready to blaze and bakin soda
First learned how to cook in a coffee pot
Made the block get hot like lava rock
Got love for the block cause I came from that
But I ain't afraid to go right back {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Don't trip you might break your neck {"break 'em off somethin"}
And get wet from the reign of the tec, I {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Your gum bumpin gon' lead to gun bumpin {"break 'em off somethin"}
I'm the one when the party is jumpin to {"break 'em off somethin"}
It's a, suicide it's a suicide
If you ever get the heart to try fuckin with mines
No change, I'm poppin the nine, you ridin the pine {"break 'em off somethin"}
The heavy metal knock you out of your mind {"break 'em off somethin"}
Now how many really gon' ride, when the war start?
Eaten alive by these hollow-tip darts
My 12 gauge'll tear you apart, don't get caught at the light
the house party or the neighborhood park
Mr. X marks the spot then pops the mark
Turn your whole neighborhood to a parkin lot
I paid the cost to be the boss
and will do my time standin up 'til I get an appeal
These weapons too real to conceal, so why bother
Semper fidelis, I learned from my father
I always stay faithful to myself and grow
But when I catch that ass after the show - {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Don't trip you might break your neck {"break 'em off somethin"}
And get wet from the reign of the tec, I {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Your gum bumpin gon' lead to gun bumpin {"break 'em off somethin"}
I'm the one when the party is jumpin to {"break 'em off somethin"}
I'm slick and slippery
On a high-speed chase all the way to the victory
Y'all niggaz is stone cold mysteries
Too weak, can't stand in the ring with me
Put a pussy back in his place, straightlaced
With a Strong Arm Steady gang up in your face
I run a race with the West to my back
While you're the reason why they say niggaz in the West can't rap
Ever since the white Concourse 'Llac, I've been unmatched
A avalanche in the hood on attack
Just hardcore actual facts, never wait
Just react when them killers come at you with gats
Had to dig the knife out of my back, now I'm back on track
Hittin laps, 'bout to widen the gap yo
It ain't the long fall from the top that got 'em
It was the sharp sudden stop at the bottom, haha {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Don't trip you might break your neck {"break 'em off somethin"}
And get wet from the reign of the tec, I {"break 'em off somethin"}
"Back to the criminal set... but they can't catch me yet" - Ice Cube
Your gum bumpin gon' lead to gun bumpin {"break 'em off somethin"}
I'm the one when the party is jumpin to {"break 'em off somethin"}

###Xzibit
###Ram Part Division

I'm the police, I'm the police
I'm the police, I'm the police
I love my fucking rob, and I don't want to stop
Ever since I was a child, I wanted to be a cop
You know protect and serve, a couple traffic stops
I make a bust, and take something out the top
A thin blue line, we run these streets
You bang on them, but never bang on me
I cell search, stepping on pillows and sheets
I'm the police, treat a nigga just like fresh meat
I got a short wick, on some New York shit
Take you to the precinct and fuck you with a broomstick
I patrol your hood, put you on my hood
Leave you in the wrong hood, got it understood
PC 647b, that's a prostitute, plus she kind of cute
She don't want to jail, well bitch I'll tell you what
Get on your muthafuckin' knees, suck my partner up
I'm the police, I'm the police
I'm the police, I'm the police
You know a couple of muthafuckas was giving us grief
Pulled a couple strings, dodge the media beef
Ever since them niggaz in black said "Fuck the police"
I been grinding on the back of my teeth, loading my piece
Waiting for some, get back like it or not
We investigated the shots, that killed Biggie and Pac
Ever wonder why nobody ever figured it out
Cause we the ones that got to figure it out
I shout freeze at the top of my lungs
I'm the cream of the crop
You don't stop you get popped by my warning shots
And if you try to come back, with a civil suit
I sit back and watch my system take a shit on you
Order in the court, Order in the court
That muthafucka shot me, case dismissed
Ha Ha Ha Ha, police
I'm the police
You see this fuckin' badge, you see these fuckin' lights
I'm in your neighborhood rolling on you every night
You faggots run and duck, look at you scared as fuck
You see me coming in your mirror niggaz straighten up
Turn that hat around, I'm here to take you down
Hey partner look at these weapons and this coke I found
I'm going to let it slide, show you who you can trust
And if you want to keep selling, nigga you sell for us
Make you a 1030, I'll get you hands dirty
Murder for hire, professional liar
I plan to make police chief and then retire
I remember when you set your own hood on fire
I reinforce the freeways, to bring the tanks
So the next time y'all trip, fuck bloods and crips
Cause we the biggest gang in L.A.
Ramp Part, fuck with us, get blown away
I'm the police, I'm the police
I'm the police, I'm the police

###Wiz khalifa
###Damn thing

See we ain't worried 'bout damn thing, damn thing
You talking it but you not about a damn thing
So what 'chu doing about it? not a damn thing (damn thing)
Keep it moving, I'm overdoing my damn thing (damn thing)
You see I'm here now. that's right you not the man
They say I spit coke, supply the block with grams
And I ain't liftwaiting, I'm taking lots of grands
Cuz I ain't got patience, I'm not a doctor fam
My niggas get it crunk, chump rep the side you from
Smokin' somethin nigga, light ya blunt
Ain't got 'cha gun you better find you one (why?)
Cuz this is Pistolvania. where them apes crawl
Bunch of shorties on the the corner, pocket full of 8ball
And you never really see one of my niggas until they cake long
Aye what 'chu mean man? something like the Great Wall
As far as rap go, yeah its in the bag
Of course the haters wanna do me bad
Prolly mad because of the shit that I have
I never let them slow me down dawg I'm living fast
So as long as the chick want to get with the young
And it's all about making this cash
I'm still a young'n but niggas respect the flow
And don't check me, ya better check ya ho
See we ain't worried 'bout damn thing, damn thing
You talking it but you not about a damn thing
So what 'chu doing about it? not a damn thing (damn thing)
Keep it moving, I'm overdoing my damn thing (damn thing)
I'm in the studio, making classic keep
You niggas mad at me, this cash I have to see
And you chumps can amount out for the ones
And I'm bout done with you punks
And you clowns wanting to come for the crown
I hear alot of talk, I gotta let them know
I put the bussiness on a nigga, really feeling nutty when he come
And try to touch the flow
Cause I'm not for the game, opt you will not do a thing
See I was taught you gotta walk & you talk if you sane
And its 4-1-2 till I fall to the grave
They'on know what to do with the ball to this game
Cause I'm always pimpin' if you hear my voice it attract the whole world gone listen
Some niggas might can hate, but you can say
I get away with murder like o j simpson
I'm into all day grinding, don't knock or come near
See I'm putting the time in. the young'n keep rhyming
So one day I can sit back & reclining
I see you stressed out, man we do this shit for fun
Call me the best out, khalifa get it done! (yes!)
See we ain't worried 'bout damn thing, damn thing
You talking it but you not about a damn thing
So what 'chu doing about it? not a damn thing (damn thing)
Keep it moving, I'm overdoing my damn thing (damn thing)

###Wiz khalifa
###I'm Gonna Ride

Sick a nigga run over switches states macking broads getting cake glocking mad glocking blast
Thought with the bitch nigga a quick escape I move with dudes that be dishing weight smooth with
The uz that will hit your face came in the game and I'm changing the game with a flow that will
Run around the crews the hate this guy is a pimp and you know his fan I don't hold the grams
I'm a colder man and I do it for the youngers and the older fans niggas whippin in the kitchen
Tryin to hold there grams I don't play around lay em down for the lil homie wanna play the clown
I'm casing pounds spraying rounds follow the khalifa cause it's going down money in the rubber band
Slang crack rock try and find the man in the flat top ask anyone in the streets everyone around
Knows where he beast and I'm killing the beef you can chill in the team but a steel of at least
I'm up in your brain you better be taking the lord you better be keeping your chain see this guy
Here is a nousense you talk fire and you can't proof it you just lie up in your music send my guys
To come and shoot shit duke I ride and this is true as you would die if niggas pulling I don't
Know what you fucking see when you know as well you've been fucking me.
I'm on the move so if you get in my way I'm a ride ride till I die and it should be no suprise
We paper chasing man, messing with my cake or fam imm ride ride till they die fuck us try
I'm gonna ride for me ride for me die for me die for me
What's your 45 for me face the judge and lie for me
Ride for me ride for me die for me die for me
What's your 45 for me face the judge and lie for me
I'm on the move so if you get in my way I'm a ride ride till I die and it should be no suprise
We paper chasing man, messing with my cake or fam imm ride ride till they die fuck us try
I'm gonna ride for me ride for me die for me die for me
What's your 45 for me face the judge and lie for me
Ride for me ride for me die for me die for me
What's your 45 for me face the judge and lie for me
P. I. T. T. S. B. U. R. G. H. represent to the fullest and I'm putting cowards back into place
When I'm rapping the taste, yeah crack in the place, laugh in your face, lay up and chill after
You safe that's a mistake cause I'm moving with a gang of I'll guys looking like the last of
The day but why you say cause my nigga I could die today lock down and never see the light
Of day kidnapped trapped in a hide away so I never get the cat to ride away fire inside of
May the kid move with da fools that try to take the game back to the rhyming days payback
For the fact that your guys a fake and I can't even believe you can spit shit to the people
Like it. chips and just leaves you with kids that leaves you see through you pricks
Hand my shit an overdose so you wrote and sold some coke move some crack how true is that
Front on my cats and you'll lose shit back haters get back when I'm through with rap
And I'm feeling my tracks with truth and fact kill em on wax and I'm moving cats
When they crew in all black yeah I'm doing that I gotta flavor that will flow and taste
And I'm doing it till I'm blue in the face I'm thinking bigger then any nigga that think
He cool in the place which gives me reason to but a tool to his waist.
I'm on the move so if you get in my way I'm a ride ride till I die and it should be no suprise
We paper chasing man, messing with my cake or fam imm ride ride till they die fuck us try
I'm gonna ride for me ride for me die for me die for me
What's your 45 for me face the judge and lie for me
Ride for me ride for me die for me die for me
What's your 45 for me face the judge and lie for me

###Wiz khalifa
###Be easy

Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Hold on, let me light my blunt, man
This shit too easy
I'll do it in my sleep
Yeah!
It's a new game
Lame nigga forefit
I'm well ahead thoroughbred
You just horse shit
Flow out of this world
I'm in orbit
More chips
So them hoes chase me like Norbit
I'm more sick
No anidonte
High like manigoat
Flow crack & it's dope
Only talk money, homey
I don't understand the broke
Take something from me
Niggas come & bust yo canalope
I'm out here grindin'
Like a pair of old brakes
Hoe, ain't nothing changed
Na, I rep tha Burg all day
Walk it how I talk it so I talk it how I live it
And if you hear me flowin'
You should know it's not a gimick
If the topic real shit
You should know they count me in it
Your girlfriend want me in her mouth
Like I'm her dentist
The icing on the cake
I'm like the glaze, all finished
Majianna scented
Windows up, truck tinted
You better
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Skinny nigga
And I'm tat, tat, tatted up
Run up on me
And get rat, tat, tatted up
That's a promise, not a threat
I'll back it up
Pockets gettin' like the old Star Jones,
Fat as fuck
Got my swagga up
Come at me the wrong way
Like what the song say
It'll be a long day
To pass me you can't see
Got a long way
And even seein' first
I'm comin' 'round that home plate
Come out to the Burg
You'll see that I got it poppin'
If you real, you fuck with me
I ain't gotta an option
See my chain?
They like "how did he get all them rocks in? "
Want me on your song?
I'm a need alot of guap then
Breeze home
And he said he going choppa shoppin'
So if you got a problem
So look to now to stop him
That pistol bangin' shit,
I'm on it
And I don't run the Burg, I own it
You better
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
(Go 'head & get ready to kill yourself, man)
I'm out her slangin'
Rollin' with these hustlas
Tryna get rid of all you hatas & you bustas
Blowin' my smoke, I get right to it
When they play this,
Everybody in this bitch get stupid
I mean, they just lose it
Wildin' like they pissed off
Find you wrong place or wrong time
You can get lost
Lotta niggas mad
But the hoes love it
Yea, the young'n super bad
You can call me McLovin
I'm gettin' in good
Makin' my spread
And na, I'm never stingy with a plate I break bread
My niggas break heads
And we 25 deep
I see you tryin' hard, nigga
But you not me
I'm fuckin' young stars
There's no question, I be
Hit hard & then I dance on them like I'm Ali
I'm a certified "G"
So don't think that I'm just rappin' to you, homey
You don't really want something happen to you
You better
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy [echo]
Be easy [echo]

###Wiz khalifa
###Talk To Ya

Yeah. so I seen her from afar
I'm sayin to her come over to the car
She like "You some kind of star"
I'm like "naw naw naw, chill chiil"
Nam sayin thats that name.
I figure id put a little bit of this game all in her brain.
I told her I ain't gone hold you, damn sure ain't tryna control you, but ill mold ya.
She looked at me like she ain't believe me
So I figure I show ya
Said she never felt like this before
When I'm home we get it on. I'm on the road she miss the ball
And you thick for sure know how to work them hips right
Level with my swisher says I show her how to twist right 
And when I gotta make moves she keeps her lips tight
Tell her that the money stacked so she let me get right
And that sex get good on them late nights
Nothin but thumbs up like a hitch hike
Yes I'm the shit like
You ain't never heard of 
And you know how I do 
Act like you don't but now I learn ya
I'm talking about teaching ya
How about schoolin ya
Go and do your thang gimme brains, I'll tutor ya
So many of them lames
A real niggas somethin new to ya
Now your tellin all your friends what I do to ya
But its cool ya know? I leave her spine broke
When I'm up inside, make her breath and hit a high note
Like...
Yeah, so I'm standin on the corner.
Shorty ride through. She pushed the whip like ya know?
Me and my nigga Wiz...blowing on that good I'm like...
We gotta stop shawty. See jump out....
And now I approach her
Like whats your name
You get the picture shorty I really like your frame
That coke bottle shape and them asian eyes 
Your half black and half you ain't gotta tell the guys
Shit wonder why I approached her
I wanna get to know ya but I ain't tryin to hold you 
Back from all your dreams and high hopes
You smell that mami
Yeah thats real smoke
Listen I got plans too
You know how your man do
Ill get close before I try to cuff hands boo
Your for your latest shidd
Yeah thats my favorite
Room lit like vegas
He point like "pay them"
Mami ya body amazing
Lights off no cable 
I found out she a mind freak like chris angels
Bendin over tables, giving her all she handles
I swear to god her room sounded like this damn sample
Yesss, I seen my man Cad The Hustla over there on somethin bad
I mean bad. So I mean, I finish rollin up my weed
Hop out the car, I see a couple of little ones
Over there lookin kind of lonely ya kno
I'm sayin not preferably one, she looking at me
I seen her smilin and all that
Like she know who a nigga is
So you know what I do, I walk straight up to her like...
Ey ey shorty I just wanna talk to ya
Usually keep it moving but I had to stop for ya
And let you know any thing less than me is not for ya
No time to waste I got patience like a doctor do
And this may be a lot for you
So why don't you fall in 
Hit some of this weed and soak it all in
Got game like the ball in
And we ballin goin state to state call me rawlings
Look dawg I ain't tryna start nothing
She laughed and said that you kinda star or somethin
I'm like nah I'm playin with you ma I'm frontin
They call me young wiz
Get up in my car or somethin
We could talk about your day why I'm cigar stuffin
Heres my phone give me a number that I can call or something
Get you back to your crib and have the walls jumpin 
Screamin at the top of your lungs like...

###Wiz khalifa
###Who I am

I be rollin
Riden
Flow so fly I be so so high
She say I'm that guy u wanna ride with
Like my car get inside it
U excited
I don't blame u
Everywhere I go all them hoes act the same too
I don't wanna date u
I just wanna take u home n do somethin grown folks can relate too
Bitch I'm a play u
I would hate to
But if u stay cool we should be straight boo
Bitch I'm a straight fool
No I can't lie
Don't let a day go bye where I ain't high
Pump your brake lights lemme slow it down
Know who I is n how is bout to go down
U wanna roll now
We'll just ride out
Right now I'll show u what I'm bout
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
Didn't notice it but now your goin nuts cause u no who I am
Didn't notice it but now your goin nuts cause u no who I am
Didn't notice it but now your goin nuts cause u no who I am
I be cakin
Makin all of this money
Look honey I ain't fakin
See that your takin
That's cool with me
Cause u n your boyfriend ain't got shit to do with me
Truthfully
Real talk
I pimp hard she tell them to get lost
Bottles of patron good green in my cigar
See u in your girl watchin me n my niggas
Now that your with us
If not wiz don't fuck a rap star
I just get it how I live
This ain't the first time that u heard about wiz
So ma why I feelin me just front n act like it is
U ain't the type of juice better then one poundin
Just lettin me come round now she a buss down
Feelin my convo
Then mami let's ride out
Right now I'll show u what I'm bout
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Tryna front when u see me in the club bitch u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
Gettin weeded with a pocket full of dubs I bet u no who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
They be runnin up n showin all this love cause they know who I am
Didn't notice it but now your goin nuts cause u no who I am
Didn't notice it but now your goin nuts cause u no who I am
Didn't notice it but now your goin nuts cause u no who I am

###Wiz khalifa
###Material

Opportunity in my face so I can't sit back and not take advantage of it
Man I can hardly wait got a date with miss success and I can't stand her up no they don't understand us cuz, they say we too material (material) but money make the world go round and round round and round round and round yeahh, they say we too material (material) but money make the world go  round and round round and round round and round yeahh
Wait they dying to get the diamonds off my plate, the more I give the more they tryin to take, like I be serving you this evening got the nerve to wonder how I eat cuz while you sleep-in ima wake, aw man what is yull saying, money long yull's in like an on ramp, young boss man I be with a lot of goons, that know how to aim but dat chopper stay on auto-tune, I paint a perfect picture for it, so you gon need your high definition cord, they say I made it cause there ain't a thing I cant afford and car service get me to my plane before it begins to board, aye they think they hell im on a highway, cause I treat everyday like it's a Friday, my situation straight you looking sideways, on my grizzly cause my crime pays
Opportunity in my face so I can't sit back and not take advantage of it
Man I can hardly wait got a date with miss success and I can't stand her up no they don't understand us cuz, they say we too material (material) but money make the world go (round and round [x3]) yeahh, they say we too material (material) but money make the world go  round and round round and round round and round yeahh
Three cell phones no home number, the shit that I be will take you out your zone comfort, quiet when im home but mention me when im gone, schedule getting full I had to I had to sync it with my iphone, and I cant get out of plane mode, cause every time I turn around I wake up in a different time zone (different time zone), not concerned with all the fame but want the world to know my name when im gone, so just give me the light, quiet on the set show me where the cameras at (where the cameras at), im telling you im ready (telling you im ready), no im telling you im ready (im telling you im readyy)
Opportunity in my face so I can't sit back and not take advantage of it
Man I can hardly wait got a date with miss success and I can't stand her up no they don't understand us cuz, they say we too material (material) but money make the world go  round and round round and round round and round yeahh, they say we too material (material) but money make the world go  round and round round and round round and round yeahh

###Wiz khalifa
###Never ever

Yea buddy
I gotta cold n all that shit
Show ya'll how hard I work
I really go n man
It's from the heart n soul
Still havin fun tho too man
It's gon b a real big year
U watch I'm tellin u
They say the game dun change, there's jus sum new players n it,
And they don't wanna my team get up there n win it,
Tried to keep me still but look where I'm at now, made it to far to look back down,
And I ain't never ever gon forget what I been told,
And I ain't never ever goin back to being broke,
Cus FYI I stay on my grind, tryna stop my shine that day will be never ever
I started off jus a fan writing like every other kid, grew up to be the man,
Paying bills at my mothers crib, everyday I'm hustlin, tryna get us out this situation,
Gotta deal with phony show goofy hoes n niggas hatin, mostly all embraces,
Small percentage of my city races, instead of doin good they rather c me catchin cases,
The fans love me but I struggle tryna impress the label,
An all this gotta feelin like isway to much up on the table, I'm still smoking outta O,
Sum speculations cus I'm hardly ever home, easy to say for how supose to move on,
Wen were goin threw depression an our brother Os gon, was told u gotta go threw hell to get the big thing,
An will u feel it can't get worse that's when shit change, obama president,
The stealers won the 6 six, so I ought ther tryna I fell like I can do anything
They say the game dun change, there's jus sum new players n it,
And they don't wanna my team get up there n win it,
Tried to keep me still but look where I'm at now, made it to far to look back down,
And I ain't never ever gon forget what I been told,
And I ain't never ever goin back to being broke,
Cus FYI I stay on my grind, tryna stop my shine that day will be never ever
Started small town, now were major,
We dun made it to the top floor from the basement,
We dun made it to the top floor from the basement,
We dun made it to the top floor from the basement,
Yea
Big city small town, cus wen your moneys up that's when they all round,
But the minute that u slip they dip, and there no one to depend on wen the chips fall down,
Me I never cut a corner short I follow protocall, got my focus on, took my notes in all,
This hard work gon pay off, the second that I'm rich I'll take a day off day off
They say the game dun change, there's jus sum new players n it,
And they don't wanna my team get up there n win it,
Tried to keep me still but look where I'm at now, made it to far to look back down,
And I ain't never ever gon forget what I been told,
And I ain't never ever goin back to being broke,
Cus FYI I stay on my grind, tryna stop my shine that day will be never ever
Yea, yup,
If your out there on the grind, put your hands up n the sky, say we grinding, uh huh,
Aye, if u got it but u tryna get sum moe tell em boys that we climbin, this for my people,
Who no bout struggling, tryn get sumthing cus we came up from nothing,
Wat u n a rush for, it's all about timing, but soon as your on u know the limits the sky,
They say the game dun change, there's jus sum new players n it,
And they don't wanna my team get up there n win it,
Tried to keep me still but look where I'm at now, made it to far to look back down,
And I ain't never ever gon forget what I been told,
And I ain't never ever goin back to being broke,
Cus FYI I stay on my grind, tryna stop my shine that day will be never ever

###Wiz khalifa
###Sky high

Ah man yeah they talk, but i can't hear what they say, cause i'm flyin' (ohhhh) Yeah, its young khalifa man, yeah they talk but i cant hear what they say, cause i'm flying,, taylor gang or die, taylor gang or die, yeah they talk, but i cant hear what they say, cause im flyin', sware they see me, but i'm too many miles away! cause im flyin' in the air, you all the way down, and im flyin' to the sky, i don't touch the ground. i'm flyin' 
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
Im livin this movie, movie, you niggas like tivo,
see the same things twice, nothing like me though,
man they can dream, flow like a whole key low. 
now i got your bitch, try and find me like nino,
spend a lot of cash , can't front or i might leave broke
one live to live, 800 on the weed smoke,
stacks for them guccis like, fuck it im'a need those
young superstar, well were feelin like heroes 
top down, and im flying like an eagle, 
tats on my neck, face, hands like a cholo
all about my green, bout my green like cheelo
stars in my face, no stars not cheenos 
smile hard, (hard) swag real mean though 
hate enough for, show my ass with my jeans low
started from the bottom, now made it like zero
got it on lockdown, feeling like nino!
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
Yeah they talk, but i cant hear what they say, cause im flyin sware they see me but im too many miles away, cause im flying, in the air your all the way down, and im flyin, to the sky, i don't touch the ground! Im flyin
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
Now im in florida, yeah they know me there too,
walkin with jewels out, showin all my tattoos, 
can't say my name right, but they know im that dude
Walk 54 place, niggas eatin fast food
brother out in Lauderdale, cousin down in Van U
Me i got a plug, good drugs when i land too
know im underage, not much that i can't do
you don't talk money, thats why i cant understand you 
see im hot now, going for a grammy though 
think this bitch bad, you should see my Miami ho
Down in south beach, met her at the Cameo 
Told her what my life like, took her to the Sagamo
100 grand on my neck, just cause i gotta glow 
Never buyin dough, whole zips when i gotta blow 
always dressed to impress you can tell, 
she love my cologne, thats money that you smell, yeah!
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
Yeah they talk, but i cant hear what they say, cause im flyin sware they see me but im too many miles away, cause im flying, in the air your all the way down, and im flyin, to the sky, i don't touch the ground! Im flyin
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky
so high i can touch the sky

###Wiz khalifa
###Low Ridin' Freestyle

Yeah, it's young
Rostrum Records, Heavy Hustle, Warner Bros
It's Mr. Khalifa Man, Khalifa Gang, Taylor Gang or Die
And don't swagger jack me tho, ask for it
Picture me south west PA, on my way to LA
Blackberry going nuts, them goes be calling all day
They know I got what you need for ya
Critics know my flow is coke, I got that [?] for ya
And I be riding all day, in my Low Rider
I get high like elevators, but this ain't Flo-Rida
No writer can't compare, my swag on 100
I'm so fly I'm in the air, I'm like a young superhero
Wanna ride with the kid? Everything tatted
From my neck to my hands, wanna star then you got it
Gotta charm full of stones, a belt full of phones
Pockets glowing out with money, gibson linen in my home
Yeah
However far away
I will always love you
However long I stay
I will always love you
However far away
I will always love you
However long I stay
I will always love you
I be out of state pimping, different cities going hard
Bottles getting ordered, when you see me and my squad
Rolling weed up in cigars, you smoking that garbage
If you seen what's in my blunt, you wouldn't even wanna spark it
I'm smoking that [?] I'm high all day
Little mommy got a body I can slide in all ways
That's why I want to blaze with ya (blaze with ya)
You ain't gotta worry bout a thing you with young Khalifa
However far away
I will always love you
However long I stay
I will always love you

###Wiz khalifa
###The thrill

Searching for the thrill of it, thrill of it,
Say that it's love, but to me it's looking counterfeit,
I get done with one and move on to another bitch
Yea college educated, she graduated
Any bill she can't front, her parents paid it
The show was far, you the only one with a car
And your girlfriends, bein that she's a big fan, of course she made it
Most girls wanna hide the fact that the thrill they chase it
But you, tonight you wanna get drunk and fuck someone famous
So I just name a time and a place and your game for it
Value player, hotel room, meet you there
{Walking on a dream
How can I explain
Talking to myself}
Just travelin' the world
{Will I see again}
Tryin' different drugs and girls
{We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it
On and on and on we are calling out and out again
Never looking down, I'm just in awe of what's in front of me}
And I'm addicted to champagne
Fuck the room we buy the hallway
Bitches I Taylor Gang that
They just wanna know where the planes at
Take the little one outta there
Or like, just turn it down
And then I'm um probably just gonna go back smoke another one in an hour
Just get real airy, fuckin' dreamy and shit
Wake up drunk go to sleep fucked up
We both amazed at what we just done
Mixin' drinks, knowin we'll regret this
Ain't been asleep yet, room service bringin' us breakfast
All this money, darlin, what else is left to do
But smoke an enjoy my presidential view
Got a swimmin pool in my living room
On stage, interviews, tons of sour, let's consume
{We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it
On and on and on we are calling out and out again
Never looking down, I'm just in awe of what's in front of me}
And I'm addicted to champagne
Fuck the room, we buy the hallway
Bitches I Taylor Gang that
They just wanna know where the planes at
And I'm addicted to champagne
Fuck the room, we buy the hallway
Bitches I Taylor Gang that
They just wanna know where the planes at
What's this?
Burn after rollin?
Yeah, that's what it is
Until I drop the next one
It's just that
{Catch me I'm falling down
Catch me I'm falling down
Don't stop, just keep going on
I'm your shoulder lean upon
So come on, deliver from inside
All we got is tonight that is right till first light}
I'm stoned
This is what, mix tape number 6? 7?
I don't know, but um, good weeds still in the building
Your bitch still hittin me on whatever I use on the computer these days
Everything's going how it's supposed to be
Yes, Taylor Gang over everything...

###The game
###Troublesome

I'm too gangsta for the streets, watch me when I creep
I put five in your Jeep, leave a nigga sleep
Now you six feet deep over bullshit
Got a mac-10 mouth, ain't never pull shit
The ghetto don't make G's, it mold niggaz, get down or lay down
like Beanie Mac told niggaz or meet the fo'-fo' nigga
I let them guns blow, nigga I'm a rider
Thug Life 'til I die, Black Wall Street behind us
I'm a "Menace II Society," fuck Caine and O-Dog
I got the 'caine and the O's, dawg
I'm gangsta like Hennessy and Alize, Thug Passion
Ride or die 'til they kill me or put me in "Thugz Mansion"
Gangbangin, this California lifestyle got me heated
They want me buried, so I don't leave without the Desert Eagle
Shoot first, ask questions on my way to county jail
Kill a nigga over my chain cause I know I'ma make bail
I'm troublesome
"If I Die Tonite" - "Bury Me a G" amongst rap legends
Cause I spit bullets in rhymes, 16's and 9's
I keep a vest and a weapon, my baby momma got me stressin
Prayin on my knees every night askin God is there a heaven?
So here is my confession to my unborn child
Them five shots couldn't drop me, but I ain't take 'em and smile
I lost a lot of my niggaz to gangbangin and digits
One figure on the trigger dawg I live the life of a sinner
These motherfuckers wanna see me doin life in the pen
I'm a Outlaw, and the West coast is ridin again
My competition is none, I'm on a mission with guns
Starin death in the eyes, 20 niggaz deep when we ride
My enemies is bitches, they plottin on my riches
Can't walk in the streets without the paparazzi takin pictures
Label me a made nigga, all the way from Compton to Boston
These niggaz keep talkin I leave 'em dead in a coffin
I'm troublesome
Money over bitches is my motto in the streets I'm known for catchin hollows
Packin pistols and drinkin Belve and Grey Goose out the bottle
No role models, only killers and fiends
Witness my nigga strapped with gats and army fatigues
If it's murder he wrote it, if I'm lyin let the XXL quote it
And know that I'm strictly a rap poet
Baptized in my own tears, chastized by my own peers
I'm a product of my childhood years
My mother told me I'm HOPELESS, my pops wasn't around
One of the reasons why I'm clutchin the pound
California dreamin, chronic smoke out the beamer
One hand on the nina schemin got these hooptie bitches screamin
They know that I'm celebrity, keep them cop killers in the clip
And watch my back is what my niggaz keep tellin me
21 years old, no felonies, so I ride with the Desert
And pay homage to the hardest rap legend
I'm troublesome

###The game
###When shit get thick

Who really the best rapper since 'Pac got killed
I done answered that question when I copped my deal
Ask yourself when the Game is comin, after next summer
I predict my shit'll drop before the next Howard homecoming
Now who in the runnin, no one, ask the niggaz who want it
I got a four-fifth and it just like me, it stay gunnin
Me and my niggaz stay blunted fogged up in the 600
Guilty as charged, blunts in the air, guns in the doors
It's written, Compton niggaz never run from the law
Plus we get Monopoly money with hotels and a board
So I'll never see a jail, and I'm allergic to bars
Can't sit behind 'em or drink at 'em, so we travel with ours
Poppin Crist' in the 6, like we drivin through Mardi Gras
Thinkin 'bout beads and titties as I roll through the city
And I keep 16 in the clip, and I let 'em all go
like the Lakers did Ellie, Atty and Nick, huh
When shit get thick, niggaz start dyin
Bodies pop up in dumpsters, mothers start cryin
Payback come through violent, nigga
We hit blocks, bust shots, leave ya whole block silent, cause
When shit get thick, niggaz start dyin
Bodies pop up in dumpsters, mothers start cryin
Payback come through violent, nigga
We hit blocks, bust shots, leave ya whole block silent
No garbage we smoke molta, move big cocoa
We off the train tracks like the great space coaster
We hit real big and consistant like Sam Sosa
Prepare for war, like United States soldiers
Lock tight and rock right like grey eight oz's
I'll be hittin up spots, in them flip Range Rovers
Before you even try to play, foolish all over
Empty out yo' pockets, turn everything over
We ball out cursin yeah we keep it the sickest
When we roll by the quads in them Z-66's
Big spittin, grip kitten, that big face greed
Always dirty never clean but we live like kings
Legendary like Sting, it's a history to follow
But not known for stingin known for gettin off hollows
Shoot me a glass of Remy, nah fuck it the whole bottle
And watch me act bad and take off, full throttle
When shit get thick, niggaz start dyin
Bodies pop up in dumpsters, mothers start cryin
Payback come through violent, nigga
We hit blocks, bust shots, leave ya whole block silent, cause
When shit get thick, niggaz start dyin
Bodies pop up in dumpsters, mothers start cryin
Payback come through violent, nigga
We hit blocks, bust shots, leave ya whole block silent
[JT the Bigga Figga]
I'm from a batch where it ain't no cut, we all in
36 on a triple beam scale for meal
Duffle bag on my shoulder my route, through the back of the jet
To bag up baguettes and everybody know it
I'm the iceholder makin the cut, never breakin 'em up
My favorite color is rainbowed up
Ain't a coke dealer, but I got bricks for cheap
Hit the lab for a fo' day block, we got heat
You niggaz can't compete when I walk in the streets
We Get Low, and there's no idea with the info
It's a rule of thumb, let them dudes a come
I'm cruisin some, 20 inch shoes and some
I'm in the widebody XM-5, all my snakes is live
We check your five, the spot where the tec dies
And everybody gotta holla the name
It's JT from the Fillmoe streets to CPT

###The game
###Compton 2 fillmoe

Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay, our chains hang, L.A. they can't bang
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In L.A. they havin problems, the Bay we pop collars
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop hollows, L.A. they pop hollows
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop bottles, L.A. they pop bottles
They can't cop what the bricks'll cost
But we stay in the lane to maintain in the 6 to floss
Leather gloves with the tips to toss
But the money was made from conversation had to clip the boss
Smash down at the V.I.P.
Street smarts is crucial for young niggaz in the CX-3
Drop Jag with the price to pay
Cause the bags was heavy my chain swangin like a ice capade
Got the feds lookin twice this way
Cause we shuffle the P's in different places that the {?} name
Compton to Fillmoe man the game is real
When you turn 15 get your stainless steel
Whole squad been trained to kill, we official
And switch to get rich now we after the meals
Hard times got cakes for 3
When it's havin a bundle we break bread for the safe and flee nigga
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay, our chains hang, L.A. they can't bang
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In L.A. they havin problems, the Bay we pop collars
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop hollows, L.A. they pop hollows
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop bottles, L.A. they pop bottles
I got guns, guns, guns, guns
Guns all over the club
We in V.I.P. strapped, security know that
25 deep, guns up under the throwback
That new R. Kelly shit sound like Bobby Womack
Black Wall Street in HURR, nigga where the hoes at
We got sour diesel, three cases of Hypnotiq
And more guns than the Nickerson Projects
Niggaz don't want beef with me
Cause they know they gotta pay for talkin shit but the sheets is free
And ain't nuttin to shoot the club up
You don't want drama in this motherfucker throw them dubs up
Jacob got the wrists on chill
And N.W.A. chain glow like the memory of Ill Will
Relax your mind and let your drawers feel free
You're now rollin to the sound of the Game and JT
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay, our chains hang, L.A. they can't bang
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In L.A. they havin problems, the Bay we pop collars
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop hollows, L.A. they pop hollows
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop bottles, L.A. they pop bottles
But you can't come with the rest of her friends
Cause you know I'm a boss and won't play cause she short on my ends
Make rounds from the back of the Benz
With the {?} that kid with frog eyes with the corners to bend
The things we go through I'm beatin ya brains
Got some homies next do' and I picked up the Game
While they knockin on the do' I get deep in ya dame
Gotta charge you a G just for speakin my name
I'm not eatin your chocha or payin for the coach ma
I'm a pimp like 50, the nigga to leave you broke ma
6 in the mornin, you stretchin on the sofa
Singin "Ain't No Nigga" like Foxy Brown and Hova
I fuck 'em dogstyle with Billys and Novas
With or without chaffeurs, I make 'em fuck the both of us
You know what it is, the gangster's back
And I keep my banger at where my chain hang at
I'm ghetto
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay, our chains hang, L.A. they can't bang
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In L.A. they havin problems, the Bay we pop collars
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop hollows, L.A. they pop hollows
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop bottles, L.A. they pop bottles
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay, our chains hang, L.A. they can't bang
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In L.A. they havin problems, the Bay we pop collars
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop hollows, L.A. they pop hollows
Compton to Fillmore here we go again
In the Bay we pop bottles, L.A. they pop bottles

###The game
###Street kings

Fuck it, yo, who the best MC on the west?
By far it's me and in my car is a continental tea
And my broad in that continental suite
With the armadillo rollin' up dutches like that motherfuckers
Beef with the kid, click clack, motherfuckers
Let them bullets burn your six pack, motherfuckers
Get jacked, motherfucker, when you come to Compton
Get a mack, motherfucker, when you come to Compton
I walk through Times Square holdin' my Johnson
A cross style Jada make a run threw Yonkers
I got D-blocks like the locks and these glocks like to pop
And nigga I like your watch, so roll over, you can die with the jury
First nigga, take the stand to testify he gonna die with the jury
And I might kidnap the judge or send a team
To lean on the prosecutors so the DA budge
I got niggas that'll ride for a grand
So handover my rock like Earl Manson
You can die where you stand
You got his back you can die with your man
I'll let you jog for about 30 seconds then you gunned down
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad, all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime you want us then come and try us
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime, you want us then come and try us
I'm a take it to the next, take it to a motherfuckin' neck
Pull up on a nigga holdin' triggers and techs
We droppin' square beads, you easy to read
This is the end of the road for whole ass MC's
Smoke grass by the pound, glock holds 17 rounds
And the flow'll knock any nigga down
Rap you like a burrito come threw and kill you and your people
Said them that I shitted on you nigga like I was a flock of seagulls
Infrared beam like a traffic jam at night
Handle any man in sight with his hands upon a mic
Wanna light, I got the torch, California up north
For any nigga puttin' flamed on a Porches and never drive on
Bitch, you're gonna die on
San Quinton for and five catch a live one
Bust shots at the clouds, so we can shine some
Get up off your ass and nigga and grind some
You know this GL shit, we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime you want us then come and try us
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad, all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime we're touching the streets grinds
Flash fuckers on the tip of the gat
You can put on flat but I'll kill that, I'll open you up like a mat
Even if you heard at I squirted and murdered a man
And these new school nigga talk like we heard of them plans
Seventy-two times 36 millimeters in your mini van
Gettin' off on you nigga and your mini-mans
Only thing runnin' is blood nigga so we gettin' grand
So we will bust your head, nigga, straight through your hand
Or get off in yo ass nigga like Jackie Chan
And when it's all said and done it's a one will stand
Gunnin' this motorbike, feelin' this power man
A 185 miles per hour, man, I stay co-relatin' with the Taliban
I show up, show up, show up, show up
Niggaz talk about money, they forgot the struggle
Playas paint a perfect picture, they forgot the hustle
Pieces of a puzzle, guzzlin' pints, watchin' the moonlight
Turn to sunlight, street more gun fights, penitentiary kites
Seen a man turn to mice than mice turn to man
See my nigga take the stand turn my other mans hand
Got me nauseous in my abdomen, got me servin' grams again
Grams rapped in rubber bands, 22's on them rubbers bands
Slow rollin, 'dro blowin', I'm gettin' rich you see my fro growin'
Ho's knowin' I pimp them to the fullest, respect a gangsta
You can shoot but I eat bullets, I shit missiles
And my eyeballs look like crystals, my shits official
It's more humaro Merofrista
Yo, yo, it's Luke and everything I sit on fat
Niggaz be like oh shit, how a nigga shit on that?
You wanna see me shit on and grit on tracks
Glock with the red paint, puttin' it on hat
Talk about the real thing not the 760
The reason that they took the fair team to get me
You don't want it with my dogs, you got teeni guys
I mean itsy bitsy little bitty weeni guys
I done seen them guys bought as big as my gats
And they ain't even got enough strength to squeeze on that
You want real hard core shit I be's on that
Cop the XLT you put threes on that, put cheese on hats
When luchi seeks squeeze on gats we even leave these on flat
G's messin' low they got g's on that and have
How your momma outside screamin' "Please don't clap"
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad, all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime we're touching the streets grinds
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad, all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime you want us then come and try us
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad, all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime we're touching the streets grinds
You know this GL shit we got G's on the line
Or G's on the squad, all week on the grind
And if you doubt that step up, 'cuz we ain't hard to find
Street kings in our prime you want us then come and try us

###The game
###I'm a king

I never said anything, I never take anything back
Well you kinda heard me speaking
"You ain't a crip like Snoop, you ain't a blood like Game"
And I was speaking on Game without knowing him
but now, you know alot of these dudes jump in the game
and they rap artists, and that's exactly what they is
but they not what they say they are when they rap it
Everybody wanna be the king of the south when
they ain't runnin the damn thing with they mouth
no doubt, it's all good, y'all just stay in y'all opinions
but in the South and in the hood it's understood without saying
it's a given, and it ain't cause what I'm doin for a livin'
it's more because of what I'm doin how I'm livin
not to mention when I'm rappin, I'm just hurtin niggaz feelings
And still chillin on somethin that's into healing
Man, permissions from the Click to continue to keep it pimpin'
but while the crack was in the house, the record sale went thru the ceiling
so say what you want, and do what you please
but for fun I shoot 22's from your shoes to your knees
I run a record label and a crew of G's
so niggaz'll come and look for you if you sneeze
or even breathe the wrong way
you better do what the song say and be easy, else it'll be a long day
I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans
I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams
I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines
I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team
I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off
I'm a king - a Bentley coupe with the top chopped off
I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the South
I'm a king - just respect it and keep my name out'cha mouth
Everybody wanna be the King of the West
but, they ain't runnin the damn thing in the West
that's to bad, it's all good, they just speakin they minds
stand on top of the Hollywood sign, you can see that it's mine
I'd rather die, motherfucker, than give up my throne
my crown is a Dodger fitted, California's my home
and it's known when the drama pop off, I bring the chrome
so nigga leave me alone, 'fore I start living my songs
I made a killin drug dealin, some people say I'm a villain
went from choppin' in the house, to the top of rap gettin millions
so watch your mouth, unless you ready to bleed
cause to me, murderin wack mc's is somethin like a disease
top down in the Impala, so I can ride in the breeze
and where I'm from, niggaz throwin up B's and C's
so make a turn the wrong way, think about what the song say
and be easy, else it'll be a long day
I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans
I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams
I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines
I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team
I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off
I'm a king - impala with the top chopped off
I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the West
I'm a king - disrespect it I hit your brains with the tech
Keep your eyes off my throne and your hands off my crown
or get your ass layed back
Keep your eyes off my throne and your hands off my crown
or get your ass layed back
Fuckin with Black Wall Street & Pimp $quad Click Get
layed out like a drunk, on the late-late
so haters hate, the hell with all the hearsay
from wednesday to tuesday, T.I.P. act a fool, hey
I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans
I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams
I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines
I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team
I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off
I'm a king - a Bentley coupe with the top knocked off
I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the West
I'm a king - disrespect it I hit your brains with the tech

###The game
###Lyrical Exercise

dis a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
I'ma flip right on the block
till I get life in the box
or till I get ice from a shot
but till den, itz chill jims
Ice and a watch
and yes nigga, we the bess nigga
like it or not
cuz ya'll be writin dead weight
like you got a red cape
when the 8 blast, ya fake xxx be scared straight
I'll rush on ya set, then cut you to death
get it right, knife stuck in ya neck
man you got two options cut me a check, or
stuff on the vest before you get bucked in the chest
I squeeze till nuffin is left
You'll get banged in the head wit revolvers like russian roulette
ya'll doin a lotta talkin, I'm tired of talkin
ya bout to hear tires screeching and iron sparkin
when the heata pop look who totin a sig
and it'll open ya lid like a sneaker box
If I creep you ock, I'ma spray ya way
In all black, like agent jay look this pay me day
I need dat, get ya spleen clapped
I'll make you bleed where you breathe at
dis a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
dis a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
dis a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
my name is v I to the r you s
and a new s glock, and a new vest
and a tre pound bout to lay down
a new set, cooperate
or I'm poppn 8 leave his crew wet
shit I'ma true vet
You don't want trouble see
cuz ma name got buzz
like a bumble bee
I hustle see
pounds of the white lady
Institution flow
everything I write crazy
I like gravy nigga
so I'm seein checks
ma dough mean
I grow green, like chia pets
see the ress say ma name out they fuckn lips
like I ain't word in the streets
like I ain't fuckn cyss
dese fuckn pricks
gonna learn to respect me
or the burna leave em burned whea ya chest be
burned in a nestlee
green urble
nigga ma green purple
when I zone dat
chrome wit the beam murk you
You need a oh, see me
I get em cheap
ma feens be missin teeth like ODB
but see this ain't bite
dis a oz from C-Y
smoke it and see why
ya might O.D.
yo see
I'm survin in the jungle
spittin shottis
so a nigga gettn bodied ain't suprisin
In the jungle
but, I'ma dam rida
I'm bout a dam dolla
You need suttn to smoke
give me a dam holla
dat tam product (game - you know what it is muthafucka)
smoke so good have the fiends knockin at the door
cockin back the 4, pop out noise
I play the block but watch out for the hop out boys
shit, 5 0
drive by slow
da sig pomet
cant fuck wit pigs
suttn like islamics
all I know is
skeamin 4 cash
heatas and mags
all dat xxxx I learned
they ain't teachin in class
It started from wit an ounce in a house
I was runnin shop
make sure they had it in
and make sure they come an' cop
I'm wanted ock
fight guyz wild
when I'm the 1
with the gun
with the cyclops eye
bet suttn ock
If you bet nuttn pop
beef like sex
b strapped, and catch suttn hot
I'm dat wise, that's why I wear the mask
F-Y-I, I'm too deep to get compared to Cass
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
If ya homie don't come wit half ma cheese
cuz this 3-5-7 be the mag I squeeze
For the chips I got chicks to come bag ma weed
no joke I smoke till I look half chinese
nigga
and ma eyes is about to shut
bent off a dub of haze
and a choclate dutch
I'll pop ya guts
leave ya bent ova bleedin
Ima boss, the dawgs
dat I sent ova squeezin
I can get ya house clapped up
get ya spouse snatched up
so pop, fly and get ya
mouth smacked up
act tuff
In ma pants
whea I'm tuckin the torches
still big
kill kids
like fuckn abortions
ock, I'm on the block
servin dat wet fever
o you smoke ?
1 tote, we makin em catch seizures
old heads kno I'm the truth
they bet visa's
I'm gettn bread
fuck chicken heads
I sex divas
and ma camp see ya
got an extra extra
large magazine but ya can't read it
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
jus a lyrical excersise, it go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

###The game
###Hate it or love it

Ya, let's take em back
Uh huh
Comin up I was confused my momma kissin a girl
Confusion occurs comin up in the cold world
Daddy ain't around probably out commitin felonies
My favorite rapper used to sing ch-check out my melody
I wanna live good, so shit I sell dope for a fo-finger ring
One of them gold ropes 
NaNa told me if I pass could get a sheep skin coat 
If I can move a few packs and get the hat, now that'd be dope
Tossed and turned in my sleep that night 
Woke up the next morning niggas done stole my bike
Different day same shit, ain't nothing good in the hood
I'd run away from this bitch and never come back if I could
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me
On the grill of my lowrider
Guns on both sides right above the gold wires
I'll fo-five em
Kill a nigga on my song but really do it
Thats the true meaning of a ~ghostwriter~
10 g'z will take ya daughter out of Air Forces
Believe you me homie i know all bout losses
I'm from Compton where the wrong colors be cautious
One phone call will have ya body dumped in Marcy
I stay strapped like car seats
Been bangin since my lil nigga Rob got killed for his Barkley's
That's 10 years I told Pooh in 95' I'd kill you if you try me for my Air Max 95s
Told Banks when i met him imma ride 
And if I gotta die rather homicide 
I ain't have 50 Cent when my Grandmomma died
Now i'm goin back to Cali with my Jacob on
See how time fly?
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
From the beginnin to the end
Losers lose, winners win
This is real we ain't got to pretend
The cold world that we in
Is full of pressure and pain
Enough of me nigga now listen to Game
Used to see 5-0 throw the crack by the bench
Now i'm fuckin with ~5-0~ it's all startin to make ~sense~
My moms happy she ain't gotta pay the rent
And she got a red bow on that brand new Benz
Waitin on Sha Money to land sittin in the Range
Thinkin how they spend 30 million dollars on airplanes
When there's kids starvin
Pac is gone and Brendas still throwin babies in the garbage
I wanna know what's goin on like i hear Marvin
No school books they use that wood to build coffins
Whenever I'm in the booth and i get exhausted 
I think what if Marie Banker got that abortion
I love ya Ma'
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop
Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me

###The game
###The Documentary

What happened in hip hop
That got pac and big shot
The thicks blocks
Now every rapper claim 
He let his clique pop
But even myself tote a gun
To know the run then get shot
Ive been there before
Now im fuckin with doc
(Gotta do the Calvin Broadus numbers)
If not i push rocks
Intisipatin my encarceration
Media think im fakin like mason
But when it comes to mase
Fuck r kelly i dont take it in the face
I find out who sprayed it
And im putting you under the pavement
No buddhist priest, catholic, or babtist pastor can save him 
Im far from religious
But i got beliefs, so i put
Cannary yellow diamonds
On my jesus peace
I came back from the dead
Without a part of my chest
Layed in a hospital bed on cardiac arrest
I waited for 3 years 
While everyone else dropped
Now i understand why NAS
Did a song with his pop
Im ready to die
Without a reasonable doubt
Smoke chronic and hit it 
Doggy style before i go out
Until they sign my death certificate
All eyez on me
Im still at it, illmatic
And thats THE DOCUMENTARY
Im ready to die
Without a reasonable doubt
Smoke chronic and hit it 
Doggy style before i go out
Until they sign my death certificate
All eyez on me
Im still at it, illmatic
And thats THE DOCUMENTARY
If i die my niggas, fuck it
I did a song with Mary Blige, my niggas
Got a hook from faith
No verse from Jay
I guess on westside story
He thought i spit in his face
I told Ed Lover & Moni Love
I was talkin to Ja
With that mayback line
It was payback time
Keep fuckin with me nigga
Ill put you under me
Take your car and trade it in
For eight 3 hundred C's
If you cross my T
I dodt your eyes
You'd do life in a cementary
I'll do mine with shyne
Come home sit in the thrown
With my legs crossed
And my air force
Middle finger rough
Fuck the world
Cause im fellin like puff
When life after death hit
Mo' money, mo' problems
And i lost my best friend
Im the second dopest nigga
From compton u'll ever hear
The first nigga only put out albums
Every 7 years (haha)
(You know what speakin of Jay
That just makes me roll down
Now your song westside story)
Ohh Ohh
(You got a line that says
Dont wear throwbacks 
Or drive, ride in maybacks,
Is that a shot at Jay?)
Naa, i was talkin about Ja Rule
Yeah, So, Yeah, i got a lot of 
Respect for Jay
You know what im saying
I never take shots at legends
Thats just something i dont do
Let me tell you why i do this shit
Im a son of a gun
Cause moms was a hoover crip
First day i got signed
I had to prove i spit
Freestyle with Busta Rhymes
(son duck is sick)
Told to Jay and Doc Dre.
I could finally put the shoes on
Now that the rumors of Rakim and cube gone
The q gone
They say truth hurts
Chunk, like quick sand
Dont stop me in traffic
And ask about hitman
I gotta restore the feelin 
It crawled from under the rock
After the dog pound
Crushed the buildings
I got a family to feed 
Im the middle of 9 children
We can talk about a loan
After i sell 5 million
If i tell you i aint game
And i dont know Dre.
You gonn do me like x-zibit
And cut half of my face?
I take all the credit 
For putting the west 
Back on the map
If you aint feelin that
Go sign Gorilla Black!!!
Im ready to die
Without a reasonable doubt
Smoke chronic and hit it 
Doggy style before i go out
Until they sign my death certificate
All eyez on me
Im still at it, illmatic
And thats THE DOCUMENTARY
Im ready to die
Without a reasonable doubt
Smoke chronic and hit it 
Doggy style before i go out
Until they sign my death certificate
All eyez on me
Im still at it, illmatic
And thats THE DOCUMENTARY

###The game
###Playas Only

Bells, it's the new "12Play"
Bells (Game y'all) throw the pussy like Elway
Bells, I wanna see your tail shake
Bells, when you hear R. Kel' say
Players only
We where them tricks be jerkin they bodies
Up in the club where they get real naughty
They come from here to the private party
Where there ain't nothin but - players only
Where the players be spendin a lot of dough
Honies got ass bouncin on the flo'
This is how we do behind the player's do'
I'm still fresh like uhh, Impala uhh
Trey's young gun still ridin the bass, drum
(Sha) Four times plati-num
"Hate it or Love It," I'm still number - one
Still in the hood one hand on my gun
And my trigger finger still make bitches come
I mean the one with the ring in her tongue
Compton R., Kelly found her in the slums
Shakin that rump, both hands on her pumps
Send her home with me, I'll have your girl yellin UHHH
Kels my bitch drunk
But her two girlfriends still wanna have, fun
Pass the blunt, let her drink red rum
Bet she ain't never seen the penthouse at The Drumpf
Me and R. been around the world
And we'll give it to you just how you like it girrrrl
Girl you on a mission
Up in the club, shuttin down competition
That way you walk it, talk it, switch it
And when the doors close handle yo' business
Now make your booty go
(Boom, boom-boom-boom) break it down now
(Boom, boom-boom-boom) bring it up now
(Boom, boom-boom-boom) push it back girl
(Boom, boom-boom-boom)
Kels you crazy [repeats]

###The game
###For My Gangstaz

"Livin in Compton, California C-A"
Charlie O, drop that hot shit
Motherfucker it's the Game, mister tint the windows wit'cha brain
Since a young'n up and comin, all I did was cop 'caine
They try and change the Game, nigga I still cop 'caine
I ain't moved out the hood, still stay where the cops came
Bitches tryin to throw salt in my name, barbers tryin to part my game
Niggaz tryin to chalk my frame
But I walk on a thin line without scuffin my Chucks
Bad Boyyyyy, and I fuck with Puff
So bring the guns if you want nigga; I'm real good with the glock
And 50 G's say you leave in a box
When I fuck Lil' Kim guess I'm feelin like 'Pac
Niggaz wanna wrestle The Game, guess they feel like The Rock
"It doesn't matter," 745 up and down your block
Hop out with a Nextel, niggaz feel like they shot
It's different in my hood, only time we take shots
is when the Dodgers did good, my niggaz live on the block
This is for the gangster, in me
This is for the gangster, in you - all my gangsters pour the brew
This is for the gangster, in me
This is for the gangster, in you - all my gangsters red and blue
I'm worldwide with this gangsta lean, my life's no dream
I got a crew in Jamaica, Queens
Lake Charles up to New Orleans in D.C. I sip
My thugs get crunk off Lil' Flip
State to state many shows I rip, I'm the boss of the Bay
Like Clint Eastwood, make my day
Fine bitches look like Lisa Raye, plot on gettin paid
In the end, all they get is played
Maybe a nut, no Ice Capade
Real dudes is shiesty, I only give jewels to wifey
And I don't give a fuck if you really don't like me
It's in my blood to thug, get ill and hyphy
One of the best I might be, it really don't matter
When I bust, sucker MC's scatter, gettin out of my way
I bust bad bitches night and day
I make classics like Dr. Dre, closed casket from rhymes I say
This is for the gangster, in me
This is for the gangster, in you - all my gangsters pour the brew
This is for the gangster, in me
This is for the gangster, in you - all my gangsters red and blue
... Gon' move in on your rock, say fuck the crisis
And ride with the West we got lower coat prices
You know me the king of L.A., New York
Drivin through Brooklyn in a fo', same color as water
You want X? I can cover the order
Ninety-fo' been hustlin now watch the shit elevate like Vince Carter
Not the rap martyr, or the second rap Carter
Compton's own, I'm home, not the best I just rap harder
Heir to the throne, nobody rep Compton like me
Street spinnin like waves on that Continental T
My grandmoms woulda been proud of me, look at your grandson now
'Til my demis, Black Mafia ties
So it's hard to let the larcent die, my {?} treys
A killer changin the game like them Marcy guys
And I been compared to Shyne like Shyne was compared to Biggie
I'm from Compton, he from New York City, c'mon really?
This is for the gangster, in me
This is for the gangster, in you - all my gangsters pour the brew
This is for the gangster, in me
This is for the gangster, in you - all my gangsters red and blue

###Dizzee rascal
###Good

I wanna get away, I wanna disappear
To somewhere where the sun is shinin and the water's clear
Nobody talkin bullshit in my ear
Just lots of cheery people drinkin beer
On the coast, this time together, this could be near
And lots of smiley faces, got ties and chases
Penthouses in higher places
No problem, hate you, just wakin, I'm bakin for my delevation
Love makin the penetration
The king of vacation that I wanna be takin
I just wanna see some palm trees and take shoppin sprees
If I'm lackin what I see I'm coppin or droppin peas
No stopping me, I'm smoking freakin fresh while I'm poppin E's
Some hotties don't wanna please
Some beaches with cool breezes – that's what I need
Blackout the conversation,
No complication, no confrontation
Nobody tryna get up off they station
Just a lot of rehabilitation, no hesitation
Every day is just one big celebration
You know I gotta think I'm fly girl
Even when I put your smiles up girl
We just tryna kill some time ah
Something kinda like fine wine
See you ain't gotta see my shine now girl
Promising to multiply it girl
I ain't gotta act all wild, I'm good
You already know my style
(Now everybody get your hands up high)
We'll have a real good time
Real good time
We're gonna feel so fine
(Get your hands up high)
Feel so alive
We'll have a real good time
Real good time
We're gonna feel so fine
If you're runnin back to bed let me know that we can get it right
Fresh fruit, fresh juice, vitamin boost
I'm looser than a goose, I'm not a recluse
I'm socializing, looking over the horizon, feeling so alive
I'm mesmerized, I'm stopping over the ocean ready to take a dive
Or take five and get back, can sit back,
I'm fresher than a Tic-Tac with nothing else to distract me
Exactly what the fuck to all the refs, I'm being away in the corner
Do I drop a form or taking a flight?
You with? It will be warmer
Now it's hotter than the sauna, 2 block of water
And just to keep me cool
I'm getting a massage in my quarters, feeling like a moola
All I need in comfort me, now girl what's the stop with me?
Then hit the time and get her back, eat or munch with me
When in doubt we'll keep it moving
Pay the bill and see a movie
After that we'll hit the club and keep it super groovy
Feelin kinda woozy cause of the liquid we're abusing
Boy it's really quite amusing, plus we're vibing with the music
You know I gotta think I'm fly girl
Even when I put your smiles up girl
We just tryna kill some time ah
Something kinda like fine wine
See you ain't gotta see my shine now girl
Promising to multiply it girl
I ain't gotta act all wild, I'm good
You already know my style
(Now everybody get your hands up high)
We'll have a real good time
Real good time
We're gonna feel so fine
(Get your hands up high)
Feel so alive
We'll have a real good time
Real good time
We're gonna feel so fine
If you're runnin back to bed let me know that we can get it right
If you're runnin back to bed let me know that we can get it right
If you're runnin back to bed let me know that we can get it right

###Dizzee rascal
###H-town

Yo, you know I can't forget about H-town
Down South family
Texas (woop)
Holdin' me down from young
Trust me, trust me, trust me, yo
Keepin' it trill
In the home of the brave
Chillin' wit' the OG
UGK
Rollin' up swishers, and I smoke till I faint
Draped up whilst hitting them switches in the car all covered in candy paint
I'm rollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm rollin' round H-Town where
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm tollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I said, rollin' round H-Town
I'm rollin' round H-Town
Texas mandem hold me down
Actin' an arse, yeah I fool around
You know it's all mad when I'm in town
No I don't drink that purple juice
DJ Screw got me feelin' loose
Might put a diamond in my tooth
I've got a lot of money, that's my excuse
Sitting in the slab with Trill OG
Holding a smoke in a big old tree
Looking for a girl with a big old B
And she can swallow these nuts ASAP
I've got an attitude like Pimp C
These hoes ain't getting no sympathy
And breddas better not talk shit to me
Cause that's a good way to get an injury
Whole lot of goons and whole lot of guns
Now we're in the strip club, throwing up a lot of ones
There's a whole lot of titties and a whole lot of bums
Yeah the down south breddas, they're a whole lot of fun
And I'm always on a hype when I come, there's a whole lot of sure and I never wanna leave, the party's never done
We just take it to the parking lot, and then we laugh a lot, until they call the cops, yo
Keepin' it trill
In the home of the brave
Chillin' wit' the OG
UGK
Rollin' up swishers, and I smoke till I faint
Draped up whilst hitting them switches in the car all covered in candy paint
I'm rollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm rollin' round H-Town where
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm tollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I said, rollin' round H-Town
Man, got a call from a boy from the boy from London
Young Diz, what it do my G?
Said he wanna come down to the states
You already know that's cool with me
I'm in H-town posted up
Let's get some drinks, toast it up
Hit up the scene and light up some green
And burn that purp till we roasted, what
Pick rudeboy up the Jag
Fresh as fuck and we got the swag
And we rollin' clean,
And we acting bad
And these boys wanna hate, why you mad?
Gladiators stay on deck
You don't want them boys catch your wreck
Cause they'll bus your face
And they'll break your neck
You better back up bitch and show respect
Before your ass get checked
Keepin' it trill
In the home of the brave
Chillin' wit' the OG
UGK
Rollin' up swishers, and I smoke till I faint
Draped up whilst hitting them switches in the car all covered in candy paint
I'm rollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm rollin' round H-Town where
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm tollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I said, rollin' round H-Town
When I pull up in the city in a back of a slab
I got a late night bitch saying come out the cab
I'll have a whole trunk going off like jabs
Nigga everything paid, I ain't got no tabs
Do this here for Texas, that's my city
Diamonds all in my chain, they cost like 50
Yeah, I'm up in the gutter where niggas play gritty
Ain't nothing here pretty
We bad like Diddy
Everything screwed up where I'm from, slow it up
R.I.P. Big Moe, everybody pouring up
When I throw the hood up, everybody shown up
If I make it out the gate, everybody blowing up
I'mma do this here for my nigga Dizzee Rascal
King of the streets, here to block my castle
I'll tell the whole world, go ahead and respect it
I've got this bitch like it ain't no hassle
Keepin' it trill
In the home of the brave
Chillin' wit' the OG
UGK
Rollin' up swishers, and I smoke till I faint
Draped up whilst hitting them switches in the car all covered in candy paint
I'm rollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm rollin' round H-Town where
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I'm tollin' round H-Town
Where Texas mandem hold me down
I said, rollin' round H-Town

###Dizzee rascal
###Jus' A Rascal

He's jus a rascal
He's jus a rascal
He's jus a rascal, Dizzee Rascal [x4]

Yo London stand up tall

Stress on the brain, complain too da fool
Stress on the brain complain too da max
I'm gonna search for big money stacks, top tens and platinum whacks
Ain't got no need for a chain of a chaks.
I'm a rude boi I ain't gotta relax
I got this game in my head like dax
Got this game in my hand, be cool
Unstoppable, make a boi relax
I'll take teeth for the money and jaks
We make money off album tracks
Come on I'll face it, let's all face facts
You may be some handsome chaps
What's that, but I'm invisible to all
Foolish fakish cats, Roll Deep will have some of that
Jus another brain complain to da max
Jus another brain complain to da low
Gotta get money, got get a lot of ho
No less than a G for the show
Ain't got no buff or I'll hang dudes who think I hang wit da low
I get round all ways in a go, I get round all ways in a rush
I won't eva hush, drinking beer make my lot lush
When I come to the crotch with crush, never chat shit, talk shit get flushed
I talk tough cause life's been rough
gritty, shitty life ain't been to pretty far from buff
so I'm off to the elegant stuff
He's jus a rascal
He's jus a rascal
He's jus a rascal, Dizzy Rascal [x4]
Definitely I hustle blad, definitely I grind
You can try anything you want I definitely don't mind
Definitely got my ting, I definitely know your face
So don't jump out your promo, definitely put you in your place
Definitely I hustle blad, definitely I graft
So you can chat anything you want, 'cause I'll definitely will jus laugh
Definitely got my swords, definitely really sharp
So don't keep talking like you bright, 'cause it definitely will get dark
Listen, definitely I hustle blad, definitely I fly, so you can chat anything you want,
I'll definitely jus sigh
Definitely know I'm real, definitely no you ain't
So don't try being no devil, 'cause I definitely ain't no saint
Definitely I hustle blad, definitely win
So you keep taking this for a joke, and I definitely will just grin
Definitely could of herd, definitely couldn't know
Don't talk like your on top, I'll definitely leave you below
He's jus a rascal
He's jus a rascal
He's jus a rascal, Dizzy Rascal [x4]
Bug roll ya, so stay low, I might have to get live o
And ya don't need the stress as I grow so jus sit like I'm hot like a kettle, you might get
scolded or burnt up, but I guarantee the feds wont turn up, hang it up, yo you must give it up
act like a bitch go fetch ya makeup, I'm street wise hang with the phat guys so spectize make the
whole crew capsize slap guys when I talk walk past I wrestle guys won't no take downs so no
lives when I pour true there is no clear sky's, jackass kindnapped that guys capped that guys
replaced with gaz,
(hi pussy hole, I'm coming for you yeah, remember rude boy I'm coming for you yeah,
anywhere I see you I'm gonna lift off ya face with chat yeah you're a pussy hole, go fuck your
mum as well all right, go fuck ya mum yeah, where all waiting to blow you brain,
you fink that your all bad, you ain't bad blad, pussying out, pussying out for three weeks.
Saying you got girls from northend one, what's all that about you shit head, fuck your mum man)

###Dizzee rascal
###Respect Me

You people respect me, if it kills you
You people respect me, if it kills you
You people respect me, if it kills you
You people respect me, if it kills you
Do it how they didn't, now they really wanna try to do it but im telling them no 
Im in a predicament with imitators wanna take my style and other bit of my flow 
All this copy cattin on my lyrics that ya chattin betta stop until the gunshot's blow 
Do you really want it coz i really wanna give it if you do just let me know 
I show arrogance and elegance 
But no tolerance for nonsense 
I bring violence im a nuisance 
Killer M-C leave no evidence 
Ive got brains and intelligence 
But no conscience no innocence 
We roll in the darkened silence 
Represent us in any residence 
And i swing for your chin with no hesitense 
Imma captain ya betta bring your regiments 
And your a failure dont have no relevence 
Imma champion and a victor prick ya 
So not ready so til ya see ya soul 
Headed for the golden gates 
No really you monkeys are playin with hate 
Not guerilla warfare it's the coppers i carry this stick for 
Plus ive had enough of these 
Lil cheek comin from fake M-C's 
Bad minders and skat ladies 
Talkin about how it used to be 
Well it's a brand new day 
So leave me be 
I dont need you so dont need me 
Your opinion don't interest me 
Dont like me thats fine by me 
Coz from holly street ta hollywood its all good 
From new york ta your cool its all cool 
Your a fool if ya think i'm gonna cease 
Now honestly could there really be peace 
It dont seem that way to tough 
Stop with the games i play to rough 
Must be smokin to much puff 
Divert or be deceased 
U.k rapper stabbed in napa 
Cause of gossip cause of chatter 
He's still breathin he's still a dapper 
Retaliate with gun clapper 
Truthfully i can't see very well 
Dont flatter your self your any girl 
Them boy's shoulda said need ta hell 
Now prepare for the beast 
You people gonna respect me 
Better make you respect me
Better make you respect me
Better make you respect me
Better make you respect me
You people are gonna respect me if it kills you
You people are gonna respect me if it kills you
(alright verse two) 
Ey yo endless speculation im facin 
Constant controversial relations 
To gun crime at garage events 
With so many claims and no evidence 
Suggesting im the reason 
For the UK gun clap season 
Im legal may i stress 
To the fool for the sake of 
Strident intelligence 
Go ahead check my files all day 
Bit of criminal damage and T-D-A 
Might be a little bit of violent disorder 
But i aint never been locked away 
Got some mates that have been convicted 
Yer so what it's the hand life dealt them 
We werent blessed with the systems T-L-C 
Government shoulda tried ta help them 
Any law breaker aint tryna hide it 
As for the sentence aint tryna ride it 
Stop that so i could do this 
Im legit ya may as well kiss my 
A-S-S P-L-E-A-S-E im L-E-G-I-T 
You ain't got nothin on me 
But to the pricks who think im slack-in 
Please dont ever be fooled im pack-in 
This is a welcome and its a warning 
Please dont ever just think im rappin 
You know the score im raw from day 
Still dylan the villain from around the way 
Feel free to quote anything i say 
Please dont ever just think im chattin 
People gonna respect me 
I better make you respect me
I better make you respect me
I better make you respect me
I better make you respect me
You people gonna respect me if it kills you
You people gonna respect me if it kills you
You people gonna respect me if it kills you
I know what your thinkin it's gone to far now innit 
Fuck it 
If i dont speak whos gonna speak for me 
Stand up for myself in this shit 
So fuck you 
Unapoligetic 
Cant be, never have been, wont be a prick 
Yer thats it

###Dizzee rascal
###Stand up tall

Stand up tall...
Rascit, boy in the corner I still roll deep young star gimmee the beat and let me prove
London city forever you’re not a still creep aint no stopping me ever you best move
Live o ghetto record with no redemption world wide critics acclaim my big moves
Showtime main event you can’t beef me Dizzee Rasc hotter than Nelly I can’t lose
East side boy make the paper rise, never met anything like my safeheart guys
Big up my north west south east types every section where my connection lies
East side boy made the crowd go loops never had a desire for chinese zoots
Big up my midland up north troops any playas in my face come up with a bruse
Get your backs up backs up back off the wall
Sounds of the young star dizzee rascal
Don’t give it half hearted give it all
Pull your socks up and stand up tall
Backs up backs up back off the wall
Sounds of the young star dizzee rascal
Don’t give it half hearted give it all pull your socks up and stand up tall
Can’t run the marathon without trainin or stretch to asshole without straining
Too much hype not enough brain in whole lotta money little maintaining
Whole lotta complaining no plan little more no less then ten grand
Blingin ice sitting nice in your hand too much platinum not enough land
East side boy make the paper rise never met anything like the safeheat guys
Big up my Ireland Scotland types every section where my connection lies
Eastside boy made the crowd go loops never had a desire for Chinese zoots
Big up my Europe USA troops any playas in my face come up with a bruse
Get your backs up backs up back off the wall
Sounds of the young star dizzee rascal
Don’t give it half hearted give it all pull your socks up and stand up tall
Backs up backs up back off the wall
Sounds of the young star dizzee rascal
Don’t give it half hearted give it all pull your socks up and stand up tall
To my eastside crew get paper,
To my Westside crew get paper,
To my southside crew get paper,
I tell da playa hater c u later,
To my northside crew get paper,
To my midlands crew get paper,
To my up north crew get paper,
I tell da playa hater c u later,
Dizzee rascal the loudest finest dirtiest grimiest most hot dirty stank
London stand up tall
Don’t be silly cover your milli I’m like billy
Don’t be dumb cover your gun I aint fun
When I come I come ere to stun you get bunned
Mid night all day like fight dog fight
You don’t really wanna be dizzee I’ll get busy
You don’t really want me to pop I’ll get fizzy
Real fizzy bill up a zoot we smoke whizzy
He knows she knows we’re tough negroes
Forever ready and I’ll be ready forever
You don’t wanna try ting I’ll put holes in your leather
So please never ever try try to be clever I’ll be wetting mc’s like rainy weather
Too the two faced nigga screw faced laced in get chased n get placed in a bin
Getta slicing batterin workin dizzy boy don’t stop till it’s hurtin
Get your Backs up backs up back off the wall
Sounds of the young star dizzee rascal
Don’t give it half hearted give it all pull your socks up and stand up tall
Backs up backs up back off the wall
Sounds of the young star dizzee rascal
Don’t give it half hearted give it all pull your socks up and stand up tall

###Dizze rascal
###Cut 'Em Off

Socialize in a crucial sitiation (and negotiate)
I cut em off
I cut em off
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
My name is Rasket listen to my flow
I socalize in Hackney or Bow
I wear my trousers ridiculiously low
I love females, money and creps
Im kind of street wise i think that you should know
Your not a bad boy your puttin' on a show
Your talkin'bout creepin' up on Rusko
So keep creep crawlin' cus' im takin' big up steps
My name is Rasket listen to my slang
I socalize with the crew and the gang
Roll utes on the street is where i hang
I'll make you collapse leave gaps in your face
Your in your neighborhood thinkin' that your nang (oh please)
Got your people thinkin' that i'm dang (oh please)
But if you try it ill make a ratchett bang
You could never outplay me im an ace
Im not a smoker but i blaze alot
Sit around puffin' waste my days alot
But i shouldnt waste time couse i aint got alot
Im' just lazy
Im not a ratchett but i bang alot
Got a couple beanies that i slam alot
I make em' happy with my fingers and my hand alot (finger)
Im just crazy
Socialize in a crucial sitiation (and negotiate)
I cut em off
I cut em off
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
There you go again talkin' like a div
Like i cant find out where you live
Take off your latch i dont even need a ratch
My butterfly leave you lookin like a sieve
Met bad boys from every postcode
You could never talk to me about road
Stop dreamin' im your worst nightmare
Im freddy Krueger make the luger explode
There you go again talkin' like a star
Like i cant find out where you are
Kick off your door i ain't got a 4x4
I'll have to settle for a long metal bar
I've met bad boys from every ruff ends
You could never talk to me about skenz (click click)
Talk tuff but you aint sayin' much
I'll chop you up and share you out between your friends
Now some love me some do the opposite
If you feel to move to me please get on with it
Dont know why you feel the need to talk to birds
But talk is dangerous be careful with your words
But remember this i am you
So if you think your real do what you gotta do
On a level your just challengin' yourself
If your feelin' brave go ahead and burn yourself
Socialize in a crucial sitiation (and negotiate)
I cut em off
I cut em off
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
Review the situation take part take over
I cut em off, i cut em off
Review the situation take part and take over

###Dizzee rascal
###Seems 2 be

WHO'S DAT, WHO'S DAT, WHO'S DAT
The dope is flying,
OG, pimp hustler, gangster player, hardcore mother fucker,
living today, to be honest
I’m totally and completely on his dick!
And you know this MAN
It’s the return of Dizzee Rascal,
Dem boy na ready yet, trend make a never set,
Inside outside, inside outside
Stop dat, start dat, get dat
Yo, you know, going on dirty going on stank,
Roll deep on these, put these MC’s on deep freeze,
Hit these, wit these and rip these,
Come like rusko, come flip these,
So please don’t write with these,
Fearless, angry, sick MC’s,
Don’t like Christine’s or Brittany’s,
Allow us off; I’ll take him with keys,
And this one strictly for pickneys,
Old school afro dry wineys,
Barclays. Halifax, we stick these,
Endless gunshots, you lick these,
Trick these, CID with E,
Touch mic, MC's jump like fleas,
Player haters get chop like trees,
Come a boy rascal, to a boy miseries,
It seems to be cars and cash and girls and peds,
And manners on flame, keep them higher for them fame,
It seems to be phones and bling and raves and weed,
And player for them for the hour, and the boys will make you bleed,
Seems to be DJs and M and gold and Nike
We roll deep for the money; we don’t want to take your cash,
It seems to be love and war and hate and life,
Harsh life, hustle life, thug life, street life,
So far from clean,
Take his trace, to your aunt Maureen,
Get rhymes, get heard get seen,
Dizzy run tings , like
Keep vigilant, keep on guard,
We chuck grenades at Scotland Yard
Retard gets kick hard real hard
Leave death threats in your birthday card
Oh my days what is he like
Dizzee don't come
Dizzee don’t bust might
World wide web, dot slash east end,
Dizzee don’t com jack your girlfriend,
Co dot uk and last collar
Deaf kick back slash dot holler
Frank frasier lyrical tank,
Dizzee come fresh going on stank
It seems to be cars and cash and girls and peds,
And manners on flame, keep them higher for them fame,
It seems to be phones and bling and raves and weed,
And player for them for the hour, and the boys will make you bleed,
Seems to be DJs and M and gold and Nike
We roll deep for the money; we don’t want to take your cash,
It seems to be love and war and hate and life,
Harsh life, hustle life, thug life, street life,
Ding dong its on,
Fake MCs want to sing my song,
You want to test hurry up bring it on,
Wanna take me for a mong, that’s wrong,
Hit them with a ge con do,like key do blow,
Leave bullet hole in your moskeno clothes,
Hot like weather, we grow, carry condoms for the hoes
Back, front, inside, out,
Dizzee run a flow to make a boy wile out,
Six foot deep you can never climb out,
I smoke dat weed till my mum finds out,
Front, back, outside, in
Bear folk kids sipping on jing-sing
Love making not doggy styling
In a dark park, when the dark in being
It seems to be cars and cash and girls and peds,
And manners on flame, keep them higher for them fame,
It seems to be phones and bling and raves and weed,
And player for them for the hour, and the boys will make you bleed,
Seems to be DJs and M and gold and Nike
We roll deep for the money; we don’t want to take your cash,
It seems to be love and war and hate and life,
Harsh life, hustle life, thug life, street life,
I have the feeling that you love me.

###Dizzee rascal
###Face

Yo,
Let's talk about over-excited brehs on the road, 
Who brake all street honourary codes,
Can't get a real name for themselves,
Living off reflected glory,
Living off face
Said he knows slimzee ,maxwell, gods gift, said he knows plake, said he knows ace.
Claims he's tight wiv mega man, cool with romeo cousin of kaish, 
Said he knows neeko breder hypes, said he had lunch at lethals place
Backstage with the nasty crew 
I ask them to get out of my face,
He looks at my face, 
I look for a way to move him clear from out of my face 
But I leave him there
Hope to the face receiving air
Get a (light) late night phone call,
Pissed cos' it's one past business hours
And the clocked this number don't look local
This is why I don't answer the phone
Twenty missed calls in total,
Plus 8 voicemails and about 14 text messages
People can't take hints and messages,
And the message is leave me alone
People got a problem,
(act like) I can make (dubplates) for them,
So they can look (good and tell tales)
Its all jiggy and we look like pals
So I can b the next big star in their phonebook
You look like the real top bois when the 
Gyals look big bow capital front, ?
Disgrace and listen to the face
Mayhem drama jealousy envy hate
(karma) face
Let's talk about face,
Let's talk about money
Mayhem drama jealousy envy hate
(karma) face
Let's talk about face,
So many faithful stars I've got to deal with 
Smiling just for the sake of god knows what
They think or wonder what prognosis they link to my global interest
I guess
Any place where they're not,
Can I get a little space or what?
All complaints aside because I appreciate my love
I know you feel the vibe,
I understand what it takes to swallow your pride
And give a boy ratings and (props)
But I believe that's where it stops,
Maybe a hug or a cuddle (at tops)
But please don't congregate all around me
(grind) intoxicate and surround me
Just for the face
Mayhem drama jealousy envy hate
(karma) face
Let's talk about face,
Let's talk about money
Mayhem drama jealousy envy hate
(karma) face
Let's talk about face,
On the go like no other
Looks like wifey material but shes a ho undercover
She aint the type of girl you should take home to your mother
You (twanged her) banged her now you're almost certain that you love her
Shes known for that that disease moves through nearly all the mcs
High for the hype, in it for the face) blatently off your cheese,
(lil kim mentality, face similar) to alicia keys
She says she wants to breathe
You're telling her hey you're begging her please

###Dizzee rascal
###Sirens

Blud, when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Better run when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
1 to da 2 to da 3 to da 4
Line my street, knocking at my door
12 black boots on my bedroom floor
What they want with rascal I'm not sure
Took me to the station 8:30
For a fight that I had recently
Say they got me on CCTV
And the black boys told on me
Can't understand why these boys keep snitching
Can't understand why these boys keep bitching
Now I'm hot tempered feel like switching
Can't stand still trigger finger itching
Gotta stay calm, gotta keep my cool
If I go down I'll be a dam fool
Gotta rise up, gotta stand up tall
Can't let em see the end of Dizzee Rascal
Blud, when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Better run when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Blud, when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Better run when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Yo, let's take it back to that old school story telling shit
Get me!
One day I was with my bredwin 'A dot' roaming the streets
On the main road hungry looking for something to eat
Not no burger and no chips that's easily digested
That shit that if your caught, u'll be easing arrested
We was on the robin street I forgot to mention Kate
There was this Breda rolling with us he was scared it was blait,
And he was high
But, back to the story 'A dot' spotted the man
Straight ahead of us in the distance with his wifey holding hands
So we followed him through this little alleyway into the flats
and we thought the time was perfect so we crept up and we attacked
I took the first swing unexpected causing panic
We was ruthless causing agony in public it was tragic
Me and 'A dot' lost the plot, acting like we were from hell
Beat this Breda to the floor beat his wifey up as well
Clayton stood back shaking, wishing that he never came
When from out of nowhere there was Alisha screaming my name
She went my school
She saw it all
To make it worse I'm hearing sirens, I ain't even trying handle
Blud, when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Better run when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Blud, when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
Better run when you hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
I can hear the sirens coming
I break the law; I will never change
I break the law; I will never change
I break the law; I will never change
Step into my soul get your whole face rearranged
See me on the tele but I ain't no actor
Running through the streets brave face it's a jack one
Real day light no shame like a lunatic
Rain, hell, sleet or snow I ain't new to it
Show me what you got betta give it up quickly
Lay them on their back if they try and fight swiftly
Better mind out when they come through the manner man
Keep em on their toes like hammer man
It's no joke man woman and child I'm seeking
See no skets no age im creeping
Anything through the door cold on the wheelers
Duck from the feds and I roll with the Dealers
Smile with your heart and stand on a sentance,
My last day wasn't like Eastenders
Step into my soul get your whole face rearranged
I break the law I will never change

###Dizzee rascal
###Flex

I wanna see you dip dip dip
And let me see you rock rock rock
I wanna
And never ever stop stop stop
I wanna see you dip dip dip
And let me see you rock rock rock
I wanna
And never ever stop stop stop
I love it when you flex like that
Slow, fast, up, down, bring it back
I love it when you move like that
Slow, fast, up, down, bring it back
I love it when you wind like that
Slow, fast, up, down, bring it back
I love it when I see a pretty girl grinding
I can never watch a butters girl grindin'
Control the body with great timing.
Drop it like its hot you got my tings rising
So frequent, theres no disguising
Whatdo expect, that aint surprising
These girls get the blood pressure raising
The wiggling the jiggling